{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Yawn*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *My neural augs give me a bit of adrenaline. I need it.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning Zima. The temperature outside is 75F, and rainstorms are expected to start later in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you wish to calibrate your augmentations?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If yes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Understood, checking your augmentations and programming today\u8217\'92s schedule."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93UPDATING SCHEDULE, FINE TUNING COMBAT AUGS, ESTABLISHING CONTACT WITH INTERNAL NEURAL PROCESSORS, LOGGING IN WITH YOUR KING'S ACCOUNTS FOR SERVICES...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finished. Enjoy your day Zima. I've set your mission briefing system. If you're unsure of what to do next, check the upper-left corner of your GUI.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If no:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The lack of check-ups can lead to trouble in your daily transactions and activities as a Just, Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Today I have to report to HQ on last night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s operation, get updated on any cases, and meet with the King.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *The bedroom. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got some old books on a shelf, and in the closet I keep my uniforms and enforcement gear.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Look outside:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Great pillars of polished concrete stretch up beneath and past me. On top of the next set of parallel buildings are stretches of astroturf with people relaxing under umbrellas. Down on the ground there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a mess of a bright cityscape. I\u8217\'92ve got a great view from up here.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Living Room: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *The living room. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s some magazines I\u8217\'92ve yet to get through, a sound system, and the TV.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Change clothes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sanctioned outfit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casual work attire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nightgown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t change clothes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 King\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sanctioned:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The clothes will be left, ready to wear, in the bedroom after your shower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Casual work attire:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Although it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a sanctioned outfit, it might not be appropriate to wear for my meeting with the King. Should I really go to headquarters wearing this?*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Yes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The clothes will be left, ready to wear, in the bathroom after you shower. Against my better judgement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Should I ask for the Just outfit instead?*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Yes:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll leave your official Just attire ready for you in the bedroom after you shower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Nightgown:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I highly recommend you change, Zima. It wouldn\u8217\'92t be appropriate to wear to your royal meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Agree:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. I\u8217\'92ll pick something else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Disagree:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh lighten up, computer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t commend your decision, Zima. I\u8217\'92ll leave a proper change of clothes in the bedroom should you change your mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Turn on the TV}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a channel plan, but I do get government-sanctioned stations. Right now it\u8217\'92s just political debates.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the magazines}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *The magazines refresh to the newest issues. One subscription header reads \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91PRINCE TO DEAL WITH CONFEDERACY TODAY\u8217\'92. Oh! And there\u8217\'92s a new issue of Bullet\u8217\'92s Digest.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kitchen:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *The kitchen. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not much of a cook, so ingredients are relegated to dehydrated goods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If Zima hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t eaten:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AI, I\u8217\'92ll have something hearty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do processed insect meat buns. A protein-rich meal that is easy on the ecosystem. Coming right up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92ll put some vitamin syrup on the side, just the way you like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll eat in the living room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Zima has eaten:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, I\u8217\'92m full.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eating in the living room:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Watch the show:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interviewer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92re back with Paul Corduroy, a professor of political science at The University. Professor Corduroy, what\u8217\'92s your take on the debate over the King\u8217\'92s health?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corduroy: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s less of a question of whether the King is fit to lead, and more of, \u8216\'91how much longer will he be able to lead?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corduroy: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve all been subject to the destabilized economy, and the tax hikes that do nothing. And we\u8217\'92ve seen the King\u8217\'92s ageing appearance--ever since his surgery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corduroy: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are classic symptoms of a leader unable to keep up with the demands of their position. In fact, if I were the Prince--\u8221\'94 PWIP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah, you wish you were royalty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eat the meat bun:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Crunchy. I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t decide if that\u8217\'92s a good thing.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Drink the vitamin syrup:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Urk--it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like a mix of metal and citrics. But I always feel great after I drink it.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Put away the drink:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *On second thought, maybe I won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Bathroom:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room and there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a medspray:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clean and spacious. There\u8217\'92s a medspray under the sink. Should I take it?*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room without medspray:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clean and spacious.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Take a shower:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brrr! Nothing like a cold shower to wake you up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Change clothes:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing casual clothes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m probably not dressed ideally for today\u8217\'92s work. Should I change into my official attire?*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing official clothes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *What I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m wearing should be suitable for today\u8217\'92s work. Should I change into my casual clothes?*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing nightgown:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *My official attire is hanging by the door. Should I put it on?*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Look in the mirror:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *Augs sit under my skin and give me a thin-blooded appearance. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a little intimidating. There\u8217\'92s a strand of white hair poking out under my bangs. I zap it to its proper color.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Recharging station:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *A recharging station. I press the palm of my hand against it and feel a cool surge of electrical power. Augs feel in top shape.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Medspray lines:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pick up Medspray:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll take this.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t take Medspray:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: *I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll leave it for later.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go outside:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing proper clothes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have a nice day, Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CUT TO MAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing indoor clothes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zima, may I remind you that your safety chip for operating King sanctioned vehicles is stitched in your outdoor clothes. I\u8217\'92ve left an appropriate pair of clothing on your bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}