{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Kingdom. The last stand of structure in his rotting world. Free from the power of the corporations that swallowed governments and monarchies. The only thing keeping us free is the King\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...and the King's hands, the Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93SYSTEM TURN ON\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hello Just agent 0042. Welcome to the setup matrix. To serve is divine."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "To serve is divine."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robot: "To further enhance your proficiency in combat, I will assist you with statistical information pertaining to combat performance."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Then let's do a test run."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [SICK ASS ANIME INTRO CREDIT SEQUENCE (OR NOT), IT IS APRIL 29TH 2085 OR WHATEVER YEAR YOU WANT IT TO BE]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Rebels. I can smell them a mile away."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lights are off. I\u8217\'92m going in silent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You touch down on the rain-slick tarmac. You take \{LIST INVENTORY\} from the back of your ship. Ahead is a pair of thugs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug 1: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me with my light.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug 2: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug 2: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long do you think we have till the blues show up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug 1: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t need long. Apparently we\u8217\'92re just here to make a statement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug 2: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmph.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the rebels walks away. You sit for a moment to make sure the two of you won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be heard--}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miza: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hiiiii agent~ I\u8217\'92m MIZA! Your new police force mascot! I\u8217\'92m here to tell you all about your cool new combat module!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miza: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I've detected that you're just about to engage in combat. Once you do, I'll project myself onto the field to help you better understand your new battle interface!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "AI, who greenlit this?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, who's there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Looks like I've got no time to setup."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE ONE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raster: [[should we give players the chance to skip the tutorial?]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to the advanced combat tutorial Agent 0042.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Hey, how do I turn this off?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your new combat augmentation provides a retinal link to a combat drone, allowing for a bird's-eye view of battle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the bottom-right of your HUD is an estimate of your health alongside how much ammo is in your weapon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All units in battle have their Health represented by the green bar below them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The white vertical bar is the Turn bar. You can choose what action to perform next once yours is filled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *wait for the turn bar to fill}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In order to use Gun-based attacks, you must first Take Aim. You can only fire your gun after you execute the Take Aim action and enter an Aiming state.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *player is forced to choose the Take Aim action}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After you choose what action to perform, the Action bar will appear, and when it is filled the action will execute.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Different actions can be slower or faster to execute, as stated in the description bar. Be mindful of the timing of your actions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *turn bar fills again}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can choose to change what action you'll perform before it's executed if the Turn Bar fills again before the Action one does. Doing so will reset the Action bar to zero.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For now just choose to continue performing the action. This will reset the Turn Bar to half instead of zero.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can either press the Continue Action button, located where the current action's button was, or press the ESC or Right Mouse Button, to do so.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *force the player to continue performing the action and wait for it be executed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You're now Aiming and can shoot with your gun. However, you'll lose your Aim if you're hit with disabling attacks or perform physically intensive actions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check the description bar as you hover over buttons to see what actions maintain your Aim when you perform them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other things to consider are that you can be Disarmed, requiring you to perform an action to pick it back up, and that you must Reload if you run out of bullets, if you have ammo to do so.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, shoot the enemy. You can shoot him in different parts of the body for various effects as shown in the description bar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *force the player to perform the Fire Gun action and wait for its completion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some actions can miss, as shown when you're selecting the target. A dice briefly appears once the action is executed showing the percentage rolled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle is over once all hostiles are either dead or Arrested. Successfully performing the Arrest action on an enemy will immobilize them, but executing the action can be difficult. However, enemies near death may Surrender, and Arresting them will always work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, try to neutralize the suspect in front of you by killing or Arresting him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *End battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You look above. A pulsing yellow light from the top of the structure signals the control deck. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have much time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You move onwards. Around a series of metal beams--up a flight of stairs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thug: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a cop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re faced with a group of rebels firing across the platform. You draw your pistol.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE TWO}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Progressing to the tutorial section 2 of 3.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: [I found the 'ultra-succinct mode' key.]  [[I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m using square braces to denote thought when a section is already in italics.]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are several Stances combatants can take.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stances change your chance to hit and evade Melee and Gun attacks, and may limit what actions you can perform.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, you might want to use Melee Attacks instead of your gun to deal damage, as despite being slower and weaker in general, they don't need you to Take Aim first, don't require bullets and you can't de Disarmed of Melee Weapons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However you can't perform Melee Attacks while Knocked Down or Behind Cover, so you must Stand up or at least Crouch up in order to do so.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are several Actions you can take to change you and your enemies' stances.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the most complex actions that affect Stances is the Grapple. Successfully Grappling an enemy puts you in the Grappling Stance, lowering your overall chance to evade attacks and severely limiting what actions you can take. However, the target enemy is put into the Grappled Stance, receiving even greater penalties to his evasion and available actions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Attacks on a Grappling or Grappled combatant have a 50% chance to target the other one instead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, use your knowledge of Stances and Melee Attacks to dispatch of the two attackers ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *End battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miza: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You found an item! Good scavenging skills agent! Press ESC or the Right Mouse Button to open the main menu. From there you can use consumable items or equip them for use in battle. You can also equip different weapons and augmentation parts to boost your combat abilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The yellow light blares brighter as you approach the pump room. You make an attempt to slide the rain off your coat and out of your hair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You enter the pump room. A tall man in coat and gloves is hammering on a computer terminal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t try that if I were you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The leader turns from the control panel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Planning to arrest me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You draw your pistol. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That depends on what happens next.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could send this place packing. The resulting oil spill would soil the drinking water of a hundred nearby homes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you won\u8217\'92t. Resistance mercs fight \u8216\'91for the people\u8217\'92. You would think we could work together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re one of the King\u8217\'92s hands, right? You\u8217\'92re not here to protect the people. You\u8217\'92re here to protect your government.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you know about being a citizen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He moves his hand near his coat. In a flash you put a hole through the fabric of his jacket.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the sound of the shot, two rebels enter from the door on his side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BOSS BATTLE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Progressing to tutorial section 3 of 3.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Three's a crowd."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hitting an enemy with a high damage attack, or one aimed at the feet to knock them down, will cancel their action.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cancelling enemy actions, and preventing yours from being cancelled, is crucial for success. There are also other actions that can cancel enemy actions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remember to check the description below for detailed information on the currently selected action.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Always evaluate all your options in battle and think long and hard on what would be the best course of action for the situation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, use your full arsenal of actions to take down the three enemies confronting you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Battle end}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This concludes the basic combat tutorial. You can access a glossary containing detailed explanations of all game mechanics and more at any time in the main menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once you're used to the interface, you can choose an advanced display mode in the configuration menu, which shows all actions you can perform at once.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remember to check out our Advanced VR Tutorial series for a more in-depth explanation of combat, including tips and tricks, available to all military personnel in the Headquarters. Featuring the beloved police force mascot MIZA!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You sift through his coat for any possible evidence. An \{ITEM\} catches your eye. Ultimately, you have control over what evidence backup gets to find. [[Raster: what do you think about choices in the game, even meaningless ones? Such as keeping or leaving a knife. This one might not do anything, but later ones could have minor dialogue impact.]] You pocket the \{ITEM\}.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You call HQ. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s finished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good work, Zima. We\u8217\'92ll talk in the morning. Get some sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You exhale. The cleanup crew will be here in a few minutes. The sooner you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re out of here the less time they\u8217\'92ll have for questions. You return to your ship and head home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROLOGUE END}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}