{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACT 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JUST HQ}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COMMERCIAL CAPITAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve called you all for a task of great importance. You all know I\u8217\'92m tracking the murder of Prince Ygne.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Death. Death of Prince Ygne. Unless you have news to share with us, Zima?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Security footage at the scene and a tip from a crime ring in Outer Rim. Foreman mentioned \u8216\'91The Illuminati\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a woman with a green ring we\u8217\'92re looking for, and whatever group she\u8217\'92s part of is bound to be here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85That\u8217\'92s all you have to go on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a moment of silence. This isn\u8217\'92t going to be easy.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, where the hell is Veter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drunk in a ditch somewhere, no doubt!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She should not be missing this meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fill her in later! It\u8217\'92s her own damn fault.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93*If* we want to find this \u8216\'91Illuminati\u8217\'92, Zima\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would have to pay visits to each of the Dons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s three Dons in Commercial. Each one has a huge amount of money and influence over this town.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They pretty much own the place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this goes all the way to the top like you think it does, the Dons will know about it. But it wouldn\u8217\'92t be easy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be walking into hotspots of crime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how do we know that your hunch will be worth this risk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (And I hate to involve a group of irate Justs, but here we are.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not wrong. I\u8217\'92ll do this on my own if I have to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *If the player has been killing a lot*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on. Let\u8217\'92s talk about your fighting, Zima. We\u8217\'92ve heard you\u8217\'92ve been doing a lot of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, like a lot! And killing too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe taking things too far for a servant of the people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will not make many friends with this kind of approach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Vesna moves out from against the wall.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s so bad. Zima\u8217\'92s just doing her job right? Scaring all the widdle baddies straight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that kind of crazy says you know how to handle yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\u8230\'85 play it a bit cooler from now on, ok Just?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mh, I\u8217\'92ll keep it in mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then with your minds ever so at ease, will you join me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *If the player has been arresting a lot*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Normally, I wouldn\u8217\'92t join you. This hunch could put all our lives in danger. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92ve earned a reputation among Justs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you could be a little tougher on people. Just my preference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92ve been doing a good job!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not always easy to spare someone in the heat of battle, yet you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks everyone. Then, will you join me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Vesna nods.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take any chance to make some noise in Commercial.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen and Padat step forward.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Commercial Capital is large and loosely governed. We are the best help you will get.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can show you around and help you meet the Dons! It\u8217\'92ll be fun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Leto puts her fist in.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re Justs right? We gotta stick together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92re a team. Let\u8217\'92s pay a visit to these Dons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll split up for recon and wait on you to start moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Find Veter for us, would you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s probably off drinking somewhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (One by one they take their leave. I let out a breath of air.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m hoping this hunch is right too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [When each section is completed, the corresponding Justs will return to HQ, allowing them to join on patrols. Zima can talk to them, with new dialogue, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll add that once all the separate parts have been written.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO JUST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAY GAME CONSOLE }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m leaving this blank and we can add leftover minigames here, with preset highscores from each of the Justs to beat.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO OFFICE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO MAP}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Justs will return to HQ after their section is complete, so Zima can talk with them and they can appear during patrols/bounties.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a rec room for the Justs of the Commercial Capital to meet and relax in.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO OFFICE:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK EMAILS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK WINDOW}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK NOTICE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO REC ROOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a temp office with a computer to check mail.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check emails:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Email]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [New email has been added]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WORKING IN THE CAPITAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INVESTIGATION INTO DEATH OF PRINCE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Subject: Working in the Capital\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just Zima: I have been given word from the Palace that you\u8217\'92re coming to work in the Capital.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 I\u8217\'92ve informed the staff and the other Just at our HQ and they have assured me they will be on their best behavior. I hope they and the facility will be useful to you in your investigation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Regards, Marshal Robkiy\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Subject: Investigation into death of Prince\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Royal citizens, the Kingdom has concluded that the blast that claimed the life of Prince Ygne was caused by a bomb planted on the car.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This act of terrorism is believed to be an attack from a foreign nation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In response, the Kingdom has raised tariffs on imported goods including food and entertainment items, and raised security at borders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Citizens are advised to report any suspicious activity to their nearby Just headquarters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check window:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a large window from the penthouse looking out into the Commercial Capital. The smog blocks out all sunlight and is instead lit by the light pollution of millions of little lives.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 GO TO MAP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Random Just will say goodbye (if Justs are present):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seeya, Sister Zima!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take care out there, Dame Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catch you later, Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bye, Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t stir up too much trouble without us, Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [No dialogue if Zima is the only person in the room when leaving.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 On returning to HQ, random chance of one of the Justs greeting you (if Justs are present):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome back, Sister Zima!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome back to the base, Dame Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, welcome back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look who\u8217\'92s here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve returned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m back at the HQ. There\u8217\'92s nobody here.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 TALK TO JUST [Option only available if someone is around]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Which Just should I talk to?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VETER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LETO}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PADAT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OSEN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VESNA}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Other Justs will be added as I write their sections and refine their personalities]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}