{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARRIVE AT HQ}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I'm in the lobby. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE ARCHIVES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE MARSHAL\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S OFFICE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO MY OFFICE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE TRAINING GROUNDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE MAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This is the station for this colony\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s law enforcement. Local Just will meet here, from time to time.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Return to the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I can always hunt for bounties from the map.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the archives:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I'm in the archives. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOOK FOR INFORMATION ON THE SEWAGE SYSTEM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOOK FOR FOOTAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE LOBBY }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (A series of conductors flitter between server towers. I can use the main surveillance computer to check case records.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Look for footage:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before speaking with Marshal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I don't have any surveillance footage to check through.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After speaking with Marshal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Checking the scene before the attack might give me some clues. Let's see what we can find.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I'm looking at the entrance to City Hall. Next to the street there's a crowd of people standing on the front grass.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Next to the crowd there's a woman with rich green hair, fidgeting.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (She moves closer to the Prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car and her hands disappear in her coat. Then she\u8217\'92s back in the crowd. I can\u8217\'92t pick her out after that.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mission set to: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93return to the area of attack\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll bet I can find some evidence on that street. That woman did something at the scene. I\u8217\'92m sure of it.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sewage system:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I scan through the file. This colony\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sewage system has been maintained. But what about the system under City Hall?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RECORDS OF TOWN HALL FROM 0900 TO 0910}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "INFORMATION REGARDING THE QUERY HAS BEEN REMOVED FROM THIS STATION#FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE SET A LINK WITH#THE MAIN ARCHIVE IN THE CAPITAL.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Why would someone delete records of an old sewer system?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Zima can now ask the Marshal about the deleted records.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re in the Marshal\u8217\'92s office. What do you do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE BOARD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE NEWS DISPLAY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO MARSHAL TORGUD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE LOBBY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Marshal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office is a tornado of papers. Looking closer, there\u8217\'92s an organizational scheme to everything, as if placed by design. Above his desk is a coil pistol, nicked and scratched but polished to a sheen, no doubt from some days in the field.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the board:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Before the attack:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Current tracked crimes are strewn across the board, to be updated.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After the attack:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (All the current crimes are placed in a folder, with notes on the attack plastered across the board.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the news display:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If Before the attack:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FOR LOWER KINGDOM. Meteorologists are warning citizens of the Lower Kingdom to expect high temperatures and winds in excess of 60km/h throughout the weekend. This is the latest in a series of intense weather for the Lower Kingdom due to what the government has described as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93due to a combination of increased material production and }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If after the attack:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (MOURNING PERIOD ESTABLISHED. A Statewide mourning period of a week has been established by King Vlast this following the tragic attack that took the life of the heir to the Throne, Ygne. While the cause of the attack is still a mystery and investigations are ongoing, the period\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After Zima has investigated the black market:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (KING PROMISES JUSTICE. King Vlast has released his first official statement since the accident that took Prince Ygne. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today I write to the people of my kingdom not as a ruler, but a father. Justice will be served to those that did this. For now, it is appropriate to grieve.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Marshal Torgud:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Zima is supposed to be somewhere else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (The Marshal is occupied with work. I should focus on mine.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Normal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Marshal is sitting at his computer. One hand instinctively adjusting an empty cup of coffee.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If after the attack & Zima hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t checked archives (first time):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Marshal is standing by his desk, massaging his hands. I have to wave to get his attention.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just! Good to see a capable head on this mess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to know where I can find info on a particular kind of sewage system that may not be functioning anymore hear City Hall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We keep that kind of pre-structure information in the archives. Feel free to take a look.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If after the attack & Zima has checked archives (first time):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I tell him the files on the sewer have been deleted. His face hardens before he gives out a nervous laugh.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I guess whoever did it thought we wouldn\u8217\'92t notice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it\u8217\'92s a good thing I found it in time. You\u8217\'92re stretched thin, asking for help from the Capital\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clear from Torgud\u8217\'92s look that he doesn\u8217\'92t want to be in this position anymore than I do. Shouldn\u8217\'92t push it.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Outer Rim\u8217\'92s Black Market?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mm. It\u8217\'92s possible someone there could trade in records. The Market disappeared after a raid a few months ago but they always nest somewhere else. I\u8217\'92ve got intel people trying to figure it out but--\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93--But my way is faster.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [OBJECTIVE: Interrogate an agent or arrest a thug and ask about the Black Market]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If after the attack & Zima has checked archives but hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t finished with the Black Market:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just, how goes the investigation?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t finished with the Black Market. But I do have some questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After Zima has investigated the Black Market:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Marshal is speaking to a corporal and dismisses him once he notices me. I slide the disc across his desk.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get in touch with central and let them know what\u8217\'92s going on. Run a background check on anyone entering or leaving the colony.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to the sewers to see who answers for this. If you don\u8217\'92t hear from me by stardown then tell the King what we\u8217\'92ve found here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Understood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a good man, Marshall. Don\u8217\'92t let me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He looks as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about to say something, but instead puffs out his chest and salutes. I smile instead. Don\u8217\'92t want to make too much of an impression on him.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ZIMA RETURNS TO LOBBY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I think my time in the colony is up. If there is anything that needs to be done around here then I should end it now.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT POSSIBLE SUSPECTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE TIMELINE OF EVENTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT GANG ACTIVITY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT OUTER RIM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SAY GOODBYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the investigation:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What leads do you have on the attack?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our first lead is a mechanic who worked on the Prince\u8217\'92s car before he arrived on the colony.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The other being a suspicious woman we picked up on our cameras. You can view the footage in the Archive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about possible suspects:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do we have any suspects in custody?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one, but I suppose there was an old woman that claimed she saw someone suspicious. It didn\u8217\'92t lead to anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marshal. We can\u8217\'92t afford to overlook anything in this case. Give me her address.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Just, she\u8217\'92s probably only senile. Heck, she probably just wanted to be on the news...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I put my hands around the sides of his desk. Torgud is neither as smart or brave as he looks and he looks like neither.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t waste my time Marshal.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay! I\u8217\'92ll send you her address.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I can now travel to see the old woman.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the timeline of events:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the timetable of the attack?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92ll send it to you after we\u8217\'92re done talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about gang activity:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aside from clearing the murder, I'm here to reassure the colonies that the King is watching over them. What else can I help with?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trouble never ends for people on this colony. One of the larger gangs, the Nesti, has been rapidly growing and doing larger crimes. You\u8217\'92re free to help find out why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll add it to my list.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Outer Rim:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is life like on the colonies? I haven\u8217\'92t left the capital in years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you were with the Core, weren\u8217\'92t you? I\u8217\'92ve heard stories--\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not here to listen about my past.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Things here have been different. Worse, really. The expansion set in the prior decades has reached us in the wrong way."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marshal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too much growth and not enough control. It was a matter of time before something on this level happened. The Prince\u8217\'92s visit was supposed to signal a change, but I guess some people didn\u8217\'92t see it that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s office:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE RECORDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK DESK PHOTO}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE LOBBY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in my office. What should I do?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the Room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Storage crates block out the windows and cover most of the walls. One of them is leaking packing peanuts onto the floor. I remember the moving crew leaving in a hurry. Could be a few more days until I get this place to myself.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [after chapter 2]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Despite everything that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s happened, this room is still the same. I should get a calendar, or something to make it more homely.) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the Records:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE INVESTIGATION FILES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 READ NEW MESSAGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TURN THE COMPUTER OFF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turn on the computer. What should I do?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the investigation files:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Here are the files for cases that are both opened and closed. Which should I read?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CASE OF THE OUTER RIM GANG}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CASE OF THE AUGMENTATION GANG}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Case of the Rim Gang:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A local gang of augmentation dealers was stopped by local forces this Wednesday. The dealers were smuggling augs to farming employees.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They admitted that their merch came from the Confederacy. A joint effort with Confederacy authorities has been established, but nothing has come of it.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (The case\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s status is [status].)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Case of the Aug Gang:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This gang has been responsible for targeted attacks against government landmarks in the Outer Rim. Our lead has told us that the gang has undergone a mutiny by two low-ranking members.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gang has since been renamed \u8216\'91Machine\u8217\'92. The investigation continues.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (The case\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s status is \u8220\'93[status]\u8221\'94.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Read messages:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 About the Investigations. - From: Your King}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Investigations (available after attack):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zima. I hope everything is going well for you at the Outer Rim. We need to find out who\u8217\'92s behind this. I need you to find the real culprit. I want you to come meet me when you\u8217\'92ve found enough evidence on the attack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is also the matter of my son\u8217\'92s remains. You're the only one I trust to safely bring him home. Be safe. --Vlast\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If check desk photo:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a photo of the Outer Rim Just corps. They\u8217\'92re posed in some kind of celebration. Out of the dozen of them, I only recognize Marshal Torgud, although he looks younger.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m reminded of my old unit in the Capital. Some of them are still there, some are retired, some are dead. And I\u8217\'92m here.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Training Grounds:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO THE CORPORAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE EQUIPMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE LOBBY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in the training grounds. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Instead of a shooting gallery and field course, Outer Rim has made the contentious decision to focus on VR training. A sleepy-looking Corporal sits by a counter, to the side.) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to the corporal:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Before black market intel:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Corporal, what can you tell me about the training room?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (He snaps to attention. Either he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desperate for someone to talk to, or he\u8217\'92s intimidated by a Just\u8217\'92s presence. Probably both.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just! Most of the personnel in HQ are out on missions right now. You know how busy Outer Rim has been. I\u8217\'92m safeguarding the equipment. You can train in VR if you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After black market intel:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Corporal. What do you know about the Black Market?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: "What? N-no, I just--\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not in trouble Corporal. This is larger than you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (He squirms in his chair for a moment.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I\u8217\'92ll tell you. But can you keep this between us, please?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I can now travel to the Black Market from the map screen.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks Corporal. Better hope it\u8217\'92s the worst thing I learn about you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the equipment:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (The standard assortment of vests, helmets and artillery that one would expect in a combat force. Looks like the Justs in Outer Rim have to put up with MIZA, too.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Should I put the helmet on and touch up on my combat skills?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[combat training area shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need any rewrites]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -=-=- Scene 6-=-=-=-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you have for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coroner: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The initial blast destroyed a great part of his body. A blast this strong, whatever device they had, would be within a few feet of the Prince\u8217\'92s car."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coroner: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t find anything from the bomb that matches our records. It\u8217\'92s homemade.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (They could have bought a bomb. Sounds like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re making a statement.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coroner: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s a copy of the report, should you be returning to the scene of the accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Attack. It was an attack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coroner: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...Understood, Lady Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ( The area of the attack is still closed off, so I can gather some hard evidence myself. First I should share this with Marshal Torgud.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Objective: Meet the Outer Rim's Marshal.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Morgue:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE AREA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE LOBBY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I'm in the morgue. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the area:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Despite the sterile appearance, the room is drenched with the smell of formaldehyde.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "OUTER RIM#2 DAYS AFTER THE ATTACK#OUTER RIM CENTRAL JUSTICE HEADQUARTERS' MORGUE"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[these areas have no purpose but I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll keep it in this doc in case they get repurposed later]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the cells:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE PRISONERS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE LOBBY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in the prison. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[Need to make Marshal brush against Zima more, but ultimately be a good person, or just stand out more]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}