{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mighty quiet in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (My words float through the tunnel. If anyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s down here, they\u8217\'92re not nearby.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The path splits into three up ahead.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEFT PATH}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MIDDLE PATH}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RIGHT PATH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 On first visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Which path should I take?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 On repeated visits:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m back at the junction. Which path should I take?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Left path:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Looks like this path ends with some rubble. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll head back.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Middle path:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If unexplored:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a mountain of collected garbage. Much of it looks half-eaten and the stench is strong.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on, is something glittering?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Well, nobody\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s watching\u8230\'85 should I pick through to get it?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAY TRASH GAME? Y/N}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If explored, but treasure not collected:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (That glittering\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 something is still taunting me through the mountain of trash. Should I go for it?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAY TRASH GAME? Y/N}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If explored, and treasure collected:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got what I needed. Better preserve my sense of smell while I can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Right path:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I hear movement. Two people.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (If I approach, things could get hairy. Last chance to explore the prior tunnels.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ADVANCE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Advance:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Voice: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, knock it off, yer blinding me! You know I\u8217\'92m no used to bright outside lights!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other Voice: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shaddup Franko! I\u8217\'92m telling ya I heard something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Freeze. You\u8217\'92re under arrest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (They stop, for a second, then throw the lamp into the water and dash down one of the tunnels.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Voice: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a Just!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If discovered in the Black Market:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another Voice: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We just heard about a bloody Just in the Market, didn\u8217\'92t we? Good thing I tagged along with ya!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Franko: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, Just, I've no idea what you mind in our tiny business, but ya ain't leavin!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have at it then, you slags.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Voice: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, we shouldda brought backup!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Franko: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, Just, I've no idea what you mind in our tiny business, but ya ain't leavin!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have at it then, you slags.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *BATTLE* (two or three thugs dependent on the Market)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The room is dark, dank and dilapidated. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a group of crates by the wall and a metal door. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOOK AROUND THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOOK AT THUGS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOOK AT CRATES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OPEN DOOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Look around the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re at some kind of dam. The door ahead must lead to a filtration room.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Look at Thugs:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Their upper bodies are covered in illegal augs. No wonder they hit so hard.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Look at crates:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Sealed wooden crates. Judging from the shipping labels these contain drugs.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Open door:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The rusted door gives resistance. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m met with a gust of cool air and a bright room.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The air is clean, and there are a dozen people in masks and coats working on a vapor tank and some kind of crystal drug. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a large, outstanding man overseeing the work.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impressive, no? The name\u8217\'92s Foreman, G. FOREMAN!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He puts out an arm to shake and when I look down, he snaps it back.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a former Gunnery Colonel in the Rank. I\u8217\'92m here to slice myself a nice new piece of land.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me and an associate, we moved in here no more than half a year ago, and now we have the largest operation of drugs and augmentations this side of the Outer Rim."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "You Kingdom peasants... One shout and you're already doing what you're told. It's pretty fucking great! Had I known how easy is to rule over you I'd have left the Rank long ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "That whole meritocracy system... The straightest arrow goes the farthest... It's shit!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He takes a moment to roll a shard of crystal between his fingers before crushing it.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now me? I\u8217\'92ve always preferred instant gratification.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "In any case, Zima, is it? What brings you here?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "The murder of Prince Ygne. You're behind the attack, but someone's backing you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "This whole operation, the drugs, the augmentations, the trade of it around here. It doesn't come from the Kingdom. I want a name."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "I may be bullheaded, but I'm not stupid. They'll kill me if I tell you. I didn't leave the Rank to die in your piece of shit State."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "You're gonna die anyway, Colonel, so at least die with honor, for the Rank."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "Don't. Look at her eyes, look through the augmentations, that pent up rage..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "You win, I'll tell you what you need to know. I win, I'll cave your skull in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Bigger trash than you has tried."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the spirit Kid, let it all out."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *BOSS BATTLE*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ready to tell me who\u8217\'92s behind this, or do I hit you again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93*cough*\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G.Foreman \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...I like you Kid! You got sand. I\u8217\'92ll tell you something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Woman has a ring. She controls everything. And what we\u8217\'92re doing here, is really important to her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is she? Is she from the Confederacy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Heh, you peasants\u8230\'85 She\u8217\'92s been on your beloved Kingdom all your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been here since before the Fall. Your precious Commercial Capital, she\u8217\'92s bigger than\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Heh... My men already left."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Wha-"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Foreman: "Quit while you're ahead, Zima, that's what I did..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I notice a high-pitched whine coming from somewhere in the lab. Maybe a little too late. The blast sends me into the wall. Rib feels fractured. Luckily my augs had warmed up from the fight. Shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel much for a while. There\u8217\'92s not much left of the lab, the crystal or Foreman. I limp out and call HQ and my car. Sun\u8217\'92s starting to set.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHAPTER 2 END}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Should I kill Foreman? He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fun]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}