{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Aluminum beams cover the skyline, blocking in the stench of incense. A throng of people buzz about between vendors, with beards and shawls covering their faces.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "So this is the Black Market. My outfit will make me stick out like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 a cop in a black market."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Change into an undercover outfit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I return to my car and switch outfits.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stay in Just attire:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It might be good to impose some respect around here.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Deeper into the alleys and tunnels is a group of more 'exotic' stalls. One of these vendors could lead me to information. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE CURIO SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE FURNISHED SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE OLD HOUSE SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE ARMS SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE MECHANICS SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHANGE YOUR OUTFIT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 On return without the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I'm back at the exotic stalls. What should I do?)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 On first return with the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I'm back at the exotic stalls. The area is starting to look more familiar. What should I do?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE CURRENCY EXCHANGE SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE CURIO SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE ILLEGAL EQUIPMENT SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE REPAIR SHOP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE ARCADE CABINET}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Currency exchange shop:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Despite the neighborhood, this store is clean and bright, with a service robot behind a counter.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Welcome, I'm Jock0.1, A.I. keeper of the Regal Royal, the premium exchange rate house in this whole rotten market."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "I wan-"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Before your questions, a warning that any and all attempts at robbery/vandalism/criminal activity will be met with deadly and decisive force."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "You may now make your enquiry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Return visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (As I step inside, Jock0.1 swivels to face me and bows.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXCHANGE CURRENCIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK FOR INFORMATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE COLONY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEAVE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Exchange currencies:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "CONNECTING TO GLOBAL CURRENCY DATABASE..."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Currency exchange menus*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Thank you for using our service. What else can I assist you with?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask for info:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Is there anything you can tell me about the current exchange rates?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Jock0.1 isn't allowed to discuss exchange rates with officials of the law. Our apologies, fascist pig."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wearing the undercover suit and not discovered:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Certainly, commoner. Royals (R$), the official currency of the Kingdom, are not only used as a standard, but are also heavily sanctioned, and therefore have a fixed value compared to the other currencies."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Dollars ($$) are the most accepted legal currency outside of the Kingdom. Its value fluctuates lightly, as it is a very strong coin. Dollars are accepted at high-class stores."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Lastly, drillos (Dr$) are a new and exciting currency used in some shops around these parts. Its value fluctuates wildly, so you can make a lot of money exchanging for them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "These are all the currencies our store offers. Keep in mind their numerical value is roughly the same, so 100 royals are as good as 100 dollars or 100 drillos."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Wow, so I can play the market!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the colony:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "What can you tell me about the colony?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jock0.1: "Jock0.1 isn't programmed to be a chat responsive A.I., SORRY."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Leave:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Jock0.1 gives an exaggerated wave and a wiggle.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Curio Shop:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Lanterns and gold heat the tent in a skin of flame. Trinkets and china are covered in a layer of dust.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Why hello Dearie. What brings you to my store of oddities?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Information."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Ah! That is more valuable than anything material one can carry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "I'm looking for schematics of the colony's sewage system."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Hm, yes, I think I have that. Hang on a minute.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The Shopkeeper moves past a curtain in the back, and comes back with a bundle of scrolls.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Now let's see--here it is. An old print of the sewage system first implemented 88 years ago, a subsystem no longer in use since the implementation of nanites in the air."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "That'll be 500 royals, dearie... or 300 drillos, to save me the exchange hassle. That robot down the street won't let me or any of my cohorts back in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I'd better not ask why.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bit expensive, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Supply and demand, my friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TRY INTIMIDATING HER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DON'T BUY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PAY 500 ROYALS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PAY 300 DRILLOS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pay 500 royals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima has the money:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Royals, really? Well, more money for me. Thank your Dearie."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Zima doesn't have enough:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "I'm sorry, I'll only accept less if you pay me in drillos. Try your luck at the exchange shop, maybe today the rates will be somewhat even."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pay 300 drillos:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima has the money:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Thank you, Dearie. Keep it nice and dry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Zima doesn't have the money:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Sorry Dearie, you'll have to come back when you have more drillos."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Intimidate her:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should know, I\u8217\'92m one of the King\u8217\'92s Just, and I\u8217\'92m not getting swindled like some commoner. Cut me a deal, and I\u8217\'92ll keep this store open.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut me down and another store is going to pop up in my place. You can\u8217\'92t cut down an infection like Black Market that easily, hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Well, it was worth a shot. Hope she keeps that info to herself.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Zima\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cover is blown*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Leaving the store with the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Now that I have the map, I should check in with the Marshal before I check out the sewers.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Returning to the store with the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I've got the map already. Don't want to raise any undue suspicion.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Returning to the store before buying the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper. "Ah, the archaeologist. So, did you get the money?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First leaving the store after Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cover is blown (add this line in front of any other lines, in case the player blew cover but also bought the map.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m back at the exotic stalls. But where did everyone go?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I hope I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blow my cover\u8230\'85)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Arms shop:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The store is lined with barred shelves containing rifles, handguns, cattle prods and explosives.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Then the Shopkeeper will say something:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Before getting the map:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Undetected:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Hey, I sell weapons and augmentations, legal AND illegal! Find something you like, and I'll give you a nice price."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Detected:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Hey, we only sell state-approved items here, for a fair price. Drillos only."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After getting the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Hey again. You know how this works already, right? Buy what you need and don't cause trouble."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHOP FOR ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK FOR INFORMATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE COLONY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Shop for items:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Let's see what you've got."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Shop menu*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask for information:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima:  "I'm looking for information regarding the colony. Schematics of the place, old data regarding how the colony was built on. Got any of that?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Seen as a cop:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Nothing I can say, Just."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Undetected:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Here we're about protecting ourselves from the colony, not preserving its history. Try one of the antique shops."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Repair shop:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It looks like a mechanical repair shop, but the display shows pre-structure equipment. A sign reads: "Ask about our body enhancement options!")}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Howdy, and welcome to Honest Max\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Repair! Home of the tried and true oil spittle repair--guaranteed to make any aug shine brighter! What can I do for you?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Later visits:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Howdy, and welcome back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VIEW REPAIR OPTIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK FOR INFORMATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE COLONY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEAVE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 View repair options:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "I can tweak some of your base augmentations. Can't say it'll be cheap, but they'll be better than new."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 STRENGTH +1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENDURANCE +1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INTELLIGENCE +1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEXTERITY +1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AGILITY +1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Strength +1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Pushups and protein not doing enough for you? Upping your Strength will cost 500 royals, or 450 drillos. What do you say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Endurance +1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "I think you're plenty healthy already, but if you want to be more, I won't judge! Upping your Endurance will cost 500 royals, or 450 drillos. What do you say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Intelligence +1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Feeling slow, or easily distracted? You could go on vacation; you know? Upping your Intelligence will cost 500 royals, or 450 drillos. What do you say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Dexterity +1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Too many things slipping through your fingers? Grasp them tighter! Upping your Dexterity will cost 500 royals, or 450 drillos. What do you say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Agility +1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "I... Don't think you need to improve those legs, but I'm also not against it! Upping your Agility will cost 500 royals, or 450 drillos. What do you say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Return:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Okay, anything else?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When purchasing an upgrade:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima has enough cash:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Alright! Now let's see what pieces I can grease, bolts I can tighten and sub-processors I can overclock..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *\{stat\} raised by +1.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Whew, that should do you! None of this work is within Kingdom regulations, mind you, so don't go around telling just anybody."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Zima doesn't have enough cash:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Sorry Miss, looks like you're short on funds. Try taking some goods into the Exchange Shop."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask for information:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any tips for buying in Black Market?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t haggle if you don\u8217\'92t live here. Shopkeepers can smell outsiders, and they\u8217\'92re going to string you on any sales. Except me of course, hah ha!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the colony:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "What can you tell me about the state of the colony?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "What's to say? We live on the scraps of the Kingdom. Between the Prince's death and everything else, I think things are going to change pretty soon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Leave:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shopkeeper: "Hey, come back again soon!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the arcade cabinet:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This battered arcade machine has a dimly lit marquis that reads '\{GAME TITLE\}'. The coin slot has been harshly modified to accept drillos.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Someone has written under the slot: "1 CREDIT FOR 25 DRILLOS".)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAY THE GAME}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEAVE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Play the game:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "25 drillos, here goes nothing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *awesome arcade game*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Hey, that was fun."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Once we figure out what this game is, I can have Zima say different things based on the player's score.]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If Zima doesn't have the money:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I don't have enough drillos to play...)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Leave:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *return to market branch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Changing outfits:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Change to the undercover suit and not spotted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I dip down an alleyway and switch to the undercover suit.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Change to the official uniform and not spotted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I dip down an alleyway and switch to my Just uniform.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Change to the undercover suit and spotted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I hide in an alleyway and switch to the undercover suit, although it won't do much good now.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Change to the official uniform and spotted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I hide in an alleyway and switch to my Just uniform.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Leaving Black Market without getting the map to the sewers:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I still have to find that map, but I'll come back later.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Leaving once you already have the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *WORLD MAP*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}