{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First Visit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is the place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes Sir! I mean... Madam... Just! I..."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dismissed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INVESTIGATE THE FIRST AREA:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This is where the Prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car exploded. If there\u8217\'92s any place to start, it\u8217\'92s here.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Looks like the bomb was planted on the left side of the car. According to the report the blast would have been bigger, if the explosives were made with better components and craftsmanship. Still did its job.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 if (investigated the second area)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \{}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \tab -Zima:"(If there was anything else that was important in the explosion area it was destroyed in the blast. What should I do now?)";}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 else}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \{}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \tab -Zima:"(If there was anything else that was important in the explosion area it was destroyed in the blast. Better take a look at the area where the remains of the passengers landed.)";}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 INVESTIGATE THE SECOND AREA:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (On the right side of the road is where the debris and remains landed.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But an explosion this big should have sent things further. How faulty was that bomb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A flickering light catches my eye. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a piece of shrapnel hugging the curb.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Hm. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the kind of shrapnel common to dirty bombs. Maybe HQ can tell me where it comes from.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone would have noticed a bomb under the car, unless it was planted just before the explosion. If that\u8217\'92s the case, it might be on camera footage. HQ would have that tape.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEAVE THE AREA}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If fully investigated:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO TOWN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I should keep checking this area. There must be clues around.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Second Visit:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This time I move to the right side of the town hall. The spot I saw on camera. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 CHECK THE AREA:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Without the car in view, the city hall is eerily quaint. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a camera above the astroturf, and an alley down the street.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 CHECK THE CAMERA:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look like it\u8217\'92s been tampered with.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 CHECK THE ALLEY:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The alley ends abruptly. But the woman in the video escaped through here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I run my palms over the wall. Then listen against the concrete. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a faint sound of running water. Could our culprit have used a sewage system?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should ask the Marshal at HQ if he knows of a sewage system.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Last Visit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m back at the alleyway.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This is my last stop in Outer Rim. I hope I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m well prepared\u8230\'85)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92M READY:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Okay, according to the map there should be a human-sized sewage pathway over here. Time to make some noise.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I set the charge and dive behind a tree.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *BANG*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should have brought earplugs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENTER MAFIA SEWERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I HAVE UNFINISHED BUSINESS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll come back later.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}