{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First visit only:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the Moss Arena. Osen and Padat are waiting for me.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK AREA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK POSTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO JUSTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO CASHIER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO MAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check area:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the challenger\u8217\'92s entrance to the arena. There\u8217\'92s a faint smell of iron and the cheers of a crowd beyond the gates.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check poster:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think you have what it takes? Get in the ring! Prove you\u8217\'92re the best and Don Moss will grant you one wish!\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don Moss does not take responsibility for any injuries, lethal or otherwise, that may incur in the arena or inside the stadium.\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Justs:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time only:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sister Zima, you\u8217\'92ve arrived!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK ABOUT ARENA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK ABOUT THE DON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK ABOUT PREPARATIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SAY GOODBYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk about arena:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have either of you been to Moss Arena before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see enough violence in my day job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you, Osen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, it\u8217\'92s too tempting to grab Ostry and start shooting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk about the Don:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of a reputation does this Don have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiny man. Lots of money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many criminals go missing around here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don Moss rarely gives us trouble, so our efforts are focused on other parts of the Capital.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Afterward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of a reputation does this Don have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don Moss rarely gives us trouble, so our efforts are focused on other parts of the Capital.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk about preparations:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you both feel prepared for the matches?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lemme at \u8216\'91em!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What Osen is saying is, we are not worried about Don Moss\u8217\'92 playtoys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two Justs are more than capable of handling this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Afterward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you both feel prepared for the matches?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are not worried about Don Moss\u8217\'92 playtoys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two Justs are more than capable of handling this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Cashier:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re signed up with the other two, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If you haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t talked to Justs about battle first:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I should talk to Osen and Padat before walking in there alone.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you are ready, Dame Zima?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 YES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NO}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Yes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yaay!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Transition to arena*}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a little more time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will be waiting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, ladies, I signed us up with sneaky codenames. Nobody will ever know we\u8217\'92re police.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (We step out into the smoky, booming atrium. The announcer is waiting for us.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ladies and gentlemen! Our contestants are ready! Time for another round of Freakshow!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take a look at their outfits! These girls mean business!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Royal experiment gone terribly wrong, one look from her alone will chill you to the bone. A bona fide ice queen, give it up for: Zika!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Osen\u8230\'85 what kind of codename is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An orphan from the Confederacy, she enjoys long walks on the beach and razors in her cereal. The silent but deadly: Pallett!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the leader of the bunch, the self-proclaimed \u8216\'91Petite Princess of Pain\u8217\'92, she is: Olsen!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And they are: The Unjust!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The crowd roars. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect us to live through the first round. We\u8217\'92ll surprise them.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Line of dialogue for our villains]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *battle start! First battle is nice and easy, introducing the player to Padat and Osen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s combat abilities. In fact, the two of them handle the first fight mostly by themselves. There is a list of battle quips for each character in a separate file.*}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And The Unjust take the first round!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good job, Unjusts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *transition to waiting room*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s some technique the two of you have. I\u8217\'92ve never seen either of you fight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have always worked as a pair, since we were children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never needed anyone else\u8217\'92s help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Until now, that is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a pause.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dame Zima, it is you who needs our help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But don\u8217\'92t worry about it, this arena will be a breeze!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the next round, could you focus on distracting the enemy for us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85And the next round is about to begin!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Dame Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 wait!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Transition to arena*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Unjust took the first round, but how will they stand against\u8230\'85. []!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Line of dialogue for our villains]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *battle two, start! This one is as easy as the first round. Padat and Osen and the enemies have high speed stats and the enemies focus on attacking Zima.*}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Announcer: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is a surprise folks! The Unjust have taken the second round!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We kick butt!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Transition to waiting room*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fine. We can ask them to change our team name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I mean, I didn\u8217\'92t get to beat anyone up! I love doing that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have to be faster, Sister Zima!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93C\u8217\'92mon, just a few hits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are here to help save the Prince. You should remember that your duty comes first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENTER ARENA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO THE JUSTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO CASHIER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK POSTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO MAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the challenger\u8217\'92s gate to the arena. The audience has settled down for a break in the action. Osen and Padat are tuning their gear.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check poster:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Same poster info as before]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Cashier:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time only:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think of today\u8217\'92s matches?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, those Unjust are something. The bets are on them to shoot straight to the top.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey you\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85 Zita, right? You\u8217\'92re the Unjust\u8217\'92s cheerleader?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cheerleader?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you get me the Unjust\u8217\'92s autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Other time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Cheerleader, reconsider that autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Justs:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Random chance of either: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{ Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it, Sister Zima?\u8221\'94\} }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 or}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \{Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dame Zima.\u8221\'94\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT BATTLE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT PRINCE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Prince:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you\u8217\'92re doing this for the Prince and not to satisfy your hunger for battle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen snickers and regains her composure. Padat is watching her.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not lump me in with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are Justs after all! Fighting is in our nature~\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Afterward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you\u8217\'92re doing this for the Prince?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As much as you, Sister Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about battle:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how are \u8216\'91Pallett\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91Olsen\u8217\'92 finding the battles so far? Getting tired?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haven\u8217\'92t broken a sweat!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Osen and I are rarely in a situation we cannot handle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Exit to map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not tarry, Dame Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, they won\u8217\'92t let us in the ring without you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Enter arena:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you\u8230\'85 not think I\u8217\'92m good enough to fight with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zima, you\u8217\'92ve been a great distraction so far.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have won both rounds with ease, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *transition to arena*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85And the Unjust are back! They\u8217\'92ve done well for this long, but how will they stand against the dreadful []?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Hopefully with a broken sweat.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Villain line goes here]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Battle three! Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cut Zima a break here and crank up the battle difficulty.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow folks! Cheerleader Zika has stepped in to assist the Unjust!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Damn right.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *transition to waiting room*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll see what they think of that...)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Strategies for the next match: Osen, if you cover me with suppressing fire, I can get in close and...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85And I say to him, I say \u8216\'91that\u8217\'92s my pistol chamber!\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh Osen, you crack me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (..And they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not listening to me.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I think? The two of you aren\u8217\'92t mature enough to handle working with someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m seeing this through whether you\u8217\'92ll work with me or not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *transition to arena*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cheerleader Zika is here, folks. Does she plan to join the fray?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zima, you are right. We are sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Padat-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Osen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen pouts, and flicks between us as if looking for an answer. She lets out her breath and deflates.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A long time ago I promised to protect someone. I thought that was special. But Justs have to mean that towards everyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I protect you and you protect me, got it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then let\u8217\'92s kick some tail!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looks like Zika is joining them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Villain line goes here.]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Battle four! From here on out it's a logical battle progression.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The crowd roars. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re now rooting for us.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What group coordination! You could believe they were a trio! Can Zika and the Unjust be stopped? One match left to find out!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *transition to waiting room*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We underestimated this place. I am thankful Osen and I came to our senses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Padat looks at Osen, who sticks her tongue out playfully.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This final match will prove difficult. Don Moss will not want us to win the prize.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would be wise to make preparations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENTER ARENA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO JUSTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO CASHIER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK POSTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO MAP}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Check Room, Poster and Exit to Map are the same, Talk to Justs has the same options as before, and new ones are below.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Talk to Padat:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can I be of service, Dame Zima?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT WEAPONRY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT PRINCE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT CAPITAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT OSEN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about weaponry:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me about your swords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These wakizashi were given to me upon finishing my Just training with Osen. I have never needed a ranged weapon with her around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not use a longer blade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What they lose in range they gain in speed. When you are in close quarters or covered by a sniper, a knife can better a washing pole.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Prince:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think the Prince could still be alive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All we can do is believe you, Dame Zima, and hope that he still lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Capital:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any tips on navigating the Capital?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not underestimate the strength of gangs on patrol. There may be too many for one Just to handle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Osen:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the deal between you and Osen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two orphans, one from a distant land with little grasp of the language. As for why she took a shine to me, I cannot say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Osen:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up, Sister Zima?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT WEAPONRY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT PRINCE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT CAPITAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT PADAT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about weaponry:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time (loop between 1 and 2):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s special about your rifle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well Padat\u8217\'92s the best self-defense item a girl can have, but Ostry\u8217\'92s a real bestie too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen runs her hands down the barrel and makes some mock gun sounds.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pow. Pow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The frame is carbon polymer, and It\u8217\'92s modded with a light trigger pull. Even a girl with fingers like these can make mincemeat out of ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Second time (loop between 1 and 2):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why's your rifle named Ostry?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the name of the first person I killed with her, silly!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Prince:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Between you and me, do you think the Prince is still alive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen clasps her hands together.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sure hope so! He\u8217\'92s ever so charming~\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Capital:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any tips for navigating the Capital?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t work on an empty stomach! Outer Rim food is no match for Capital stuff. You can get everything here deep fried with icing on top.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once you save the Prince we\u8217\'92ll celebrate with fried buns!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about Padat:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the deal between you and Padat anyway?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you know Padat didn\u8217\'92t know how to speak Commoner as a girl? She\u8217\'92s from the Confederacy and wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to become a Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we just work so well together! When they saw that, the Kingdom had to believe in us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Cashier:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time only:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If you talked to him in the last section (where he calls Zima a cheerleader):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zika! Sorry for not recognizing you earlier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got a big bet on you three myself. Try not to die out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not planning on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t talk to him in the last section (where he calls Zima a cheerleader):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zika! I\u8217\'92ve got a big bet on you three. Can I get your autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After first time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reconsidering that autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Enter arena:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be prepared for anything, Unjusts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen smiles. Padat nods.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *transition to arena*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is it everyone, the final round! Will the Unjusts go home with glory, or go home in a body bag!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Boss preamble]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Boss fight!*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe it, they\u8217\'92ve done it! The Unjust are the new champions of the arena!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Psh, it was nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Announcer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And here he is, please give it up for: Don Moss!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A stout man in a tight-fitting suit shuffles into the atrium. The announcer and a security guard help him onto the stage platform.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huff, huff\u8230\'85 congratulations\u8230\'85 you three\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your great and powerful Don Moss can grant you one wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So! What will it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Osen looks like she has a bright idea, but Padat puts a hand on her shoulder.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This might sound vague, but we need help tracking a woman who\u8217\'92s part of the Illuminati.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He bursts into a fit of laughter, holding his hand on his knee for stability. He wipes a tear from his eye.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh dear me, hee ha ha. I do hope you know what you are doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We beat your stupid challenge, didn\u8217\'92t we!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha hee. Okay, let\u8217\'92s smile and wave for the crowd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He turns to the cheering crowd with a smile and tries to hold Padat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand in the air, but his hand only reaches up to her shoulder. She shakes him off.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 *Transition to waiting room*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here you are. A key to their whereabouts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He stands on his toes and puts a security chip in my hand.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If by chance you stay alive, come back to my arena and we can all be rich!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don Moss: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goodbye!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank goodness he is gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If the player already has a key:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92re another key richer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If this is the player\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s first key:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92ve got the key.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It can\u8217\'92t be that easy, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to need more info. I\u8217\'92ll have a chat with the other Dons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck, Dame Zima. We make a good group.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: Teams. Are. Fun!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see you back at HQ, Sister Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (They take their leave.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO CASHIER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK POSTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO MAP}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [Exit to map no longer has any dialogue since Padat and Osen are gone. Check room and check poster are the same as before.]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to cashier:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe you three cleared the arena!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that happen often?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh god no. I wanted your autographs while you could still move your fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you still want an autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cashier: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Golly, would I ever!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, sorry. Need to rest these delicate fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Afterward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, I\u8217\'92ve teased him enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}