{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 6 ideas}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -During the fight with the King we can make him a little nasty. Lines like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had hoped that someday you would bear the Prince\u8217\'92s children\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93You have truly disappointed me Zima\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no use for a dog that will not obey its master\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what you would be without me? A filthy urchin, begging for food. I created you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the dialog up to this point you can have a hint of a father/daughter language, and sever it during the fight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What happens to a monarch with no heir? Mao created a cult of personality to try and keep his image lasting forever and also to protect his form of government\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 what will King do?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zima has a big showdown with the boss and survives/dies knowing that even if she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t win, she did all she could and that\u8217\'92s enough.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reveal that Zima was much more violent in the past, brought to protect the king as a sort of rabid bulldog, either rejects or accepts her past}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 King doesn't care if Zima knows the whole plan, because he still believes her to be loyal to him (will need a scene where he realizes Zima isn't with him)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Zima is trying to convince the King, make it clear that she thinks Illuminati is bad but he's not being any better}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 King v Zima: bring back the dog line, "so, the hand that feeds bites the master.". Always equate Zima & King's relationship like a pet and master}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not ready to die like a dog\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 maybe King made her an orphan because he saw her potential. The doubt being planted when visiting her town and the King confirming it (shit, this is turning into MGS2)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Make final wave battle playable, hold out survival that you can or can't win. When Justs are in combat they can do the same battle techniques as Zima albeit with very different stats (and combat strengths/weaknesses)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Who would confront Zima about her past? King? Illuminati? Army leader? Zima failed to protect someone who had protected her many times, that person dies and because of that person\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s work she is praised by the King and becomes his closest Just.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 King would try to hurt her emotionally with this information, but by then Zima has conquered it. She confronts this by saving the Prince who was thought to be dead, and learning to work with others (Justs, Prince). Has accepted that all you can do is your best and can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hold yourself to anything higher.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good offer, you should take it. On the other hand, you\u8217\'92re making me want to fight some more.\u8221\'94}}