{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HEADQUARTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO YOUR OFFICE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE TRAINING GROUNDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE RESTRAINING CELLS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE INTERROGATION ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE MORGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE MAP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in the entrance hall. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This is where the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Justice meet between missions. In the middle of the room is a statue of King Yor.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Return to the map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t completed your objective : }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I need to check in with the Marshal first.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [return to map]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to your office:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[a lot of this overlaps with Zima\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s other office ]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USE MY COMPUTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK MY BELONGINGS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in my office. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Despite the years I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve spent here, I keep the place in good shape. There\u8217\'92s a computer I can use to check on my files, and I have some trophies on the walls.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Use my computer:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [[These are the same as the Outer Rim HQ]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK OPEN CASES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK CLOSED CASES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK RECORDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 READ NEW MESSAGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOGOFF}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check belongings:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK SWORD DISPLAY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK IMAGE FILE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK MEDAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve kept a few trophies over the years.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check sword display:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A ceremonial sword from the King, a symbol of my ranking as Just. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaudy and not very functional. But it could come in handy in a pinch. Should I take it?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check image file:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A photo of myself crouched next to a group of orphans from Outer Rim. I used to do city cleanup and ended up saving some from traders.)  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check medal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A metal given by my old Chief. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s made of bronze and embossed with a charge of the Kingdom, a headless eagle.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the training grounds:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t spoken to him before:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO THE MARSHAL}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO MARSHAL KARL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE ENTRANCE HALL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in the training grounds. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a training field that annexes HQ. The Cadets are polishing their equipment, supervised by the Marshal.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to the Marshal (Marshal Karl):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On first time talking:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Karl is a retired Captain. Now he just trains recruits, but he takes his work in stride.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Zima! Head of the King\u8217\'92s Justice. An honour to have you on my grounds. What can I help you with?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 else :}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Zima. What can I help you with?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE HEADQUARTERS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE BROKERING DEAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE KING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE NEW RECRUITS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SAY GOODBYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the headquarters:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is everything in order at the HQ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, although the others are anxious about the Prince\u8217\'92s meeting with the Confederacy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the brokering deal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your opinion of the King\u8217\'92s brokering deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those are matters beyond myself, Lady Zima. I trust in the King and the Prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the King:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about the King\u8217\'92s mental state?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Zima! I\u8217\'92ll pretend I didn\u8217\'92t hear that. The King is fine. I know it\u8217\'92s been a while since you\u8217\'92ve seen him, but don\u8217\'92t listen to the rumors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If later:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lady Zima, I know it\u8217\'92s been a while since you\u8217\'92ve seen him, but don\u8217\'92t listen to the rumors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the new recruits:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If now:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are the trainees?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be better. The latest batch of recruits don\u8217\'92t keep up pace, and their loyalty to the King is\u8230\'85 disappointing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If later:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are the trainees coming along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They respond well to simulated fighting, but shirk at the real thing. This group isn\u8217\'92t much, I\u8217\'92m afraid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet they would respond well to a few minutes in the ring with you Lady Zima--if they could last that long, of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKE ONE ON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKE TWO ON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TAKE THREE ON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DECLINE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After every choice to fight:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent, Lady Zima! I\u8217\'92m sure this is just what these cadets need. Take these rubber bullets for the exercise. And, don\u8217\'92t go too easy on them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 After a successful battle:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent job Lady Zima. That should help them build some character. Here\u8217\'92s a little something for your help. And feel free to show these recruits the what-for anytime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 On failing the battle:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, don\u8217\'92t get full of yourselves out there! Count yourselves lucky that Lady Zima went easy on you! I won\u8217\'92t be so nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Say goodbye:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karl: Good luck with the investigation, Lady Zima.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the Restraining Cells:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE CELL DISPLAYS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE PRISONERS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE ENTRANCE HALL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in the Restraining Cells. What should I do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These cells hold smugglers, robbers and criminal suspects. I\u8217\'92d say I\u8217\'92m responsible for a quarter of the people here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the cell displays:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are detention blocks ahead. The detainees inside are without parole until their investigations are finished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the prisoners:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now there\u8217\'92s nobody in these cells relevant to my current cases.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the Interrogation Room:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE NEWS DISPLAY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK TO MARSHAL MOTHRS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE ENTRANCE HALL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in the Interrogation Room. What should I do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is where interrogations and profiling work are done. Investigations with suspects and arrested criminals take place here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the news display:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 First:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 News Feed: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PRINCE TO BROKER PEACE DEAL WITH CONFEDERACY. It's expected that the trade deal ensures a cleaner and more efficient conversion rate in future resources exchanges between the Confederacy and the Kingdom."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Then later:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 News Feed: "EX-RANK SOLDIERS FORMING GANGS ON THE OUTER RIM? Several reports indicate that the gangs of the Outer Rim of the Kingdom's space are gaining members from the State of The Rank. Should it be true, this would be a black omen in crime related activities in said zones."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk to Marshal Mothrs:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First time initiating conversation:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima (Marshal Mothrs is the lead prosecutor of the capital. Despite his title he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a fairly casual talker. And well loyal.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings, Marshal. The King has asked me to leave for the Outer Rim colonies. I trust you'll keep everything in order."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing silly clothes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Heavens, Zima, you look like a mess. Come back when you\u8217\'92re properly dressed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing other outfit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just, good to see you. Also, odd choice of clothing. What do you need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If wearing professional outfit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just, good to see you. What do you need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE AUGMENTATION GANGS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE MURDER CASE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE BROKERING DEAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE KING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SAY GOODBYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the augmentation gangs:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What can you tell me about the aug deals and gangs in the Capital?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All of our investigations are leading to one provider that we can\u8217\'92t coax out of hiding. I\u8217\'92ll get Xeed to send you more details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the murder case:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to the murder of the socialite?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The King has made it a priority to figure that out. We need to figure out just what kind of foul play took place. I\u8217\'92ll let you know if we need help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the brokering deal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did the King issue special protection orders for today\u8217\'92s deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We suggested it, but the Prince has his own protection, and insisted that he feels safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the King:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did the King say anything else about the deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but I could tell he doesn\u8217\'92t have a good feeling about it. He\u8217\'92s even less composed than usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep faith in the King, Mothrs.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 consider what he asks of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not my job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Mothrs stops clicking the pen in his hand for a moment, then softens. He seems eager to change the subject.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Say goodbye:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck, Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If there has been an accident:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mothrs, Zima, there has been an accident!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The meeting--there has been an accident!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (We move to the entrance hall where a crowd of employees have gathered around a monitor.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reporter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As we have reported there has been an accident at the brokering deal between the Kingdom and the Confederacy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reporter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Officials are reporting that an explosion went off inside the building. Multiple casualties have been confirmed but none have been identified.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to go there, now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on Zima. I received a message from the Palace before I arrived. There\u8217\'92s one other thing the public doesn\u8217\'92t know. The Prince is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mothrs: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit\u8230\'85 what does this mean for the treaty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I try to say something but the words don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come. I sit down, slowly. There is a cloud over me, like when I was young. I think of the Prince, the King. The Kingdom. And then I know there is no time left to think like this.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Next chapter]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}