{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INTRO IDEAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here a idea for the prologue:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >King nationalist speech against the other countries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >the speech finish, and we have zima watching it trough a tv at the headquarters (some monologue from zima talking about it)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >Zima receives a call from the commander}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >commander appears and set up about the situation (we can introduce the justs, a little more about the kingdom, and how the world works)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >commander talks about they discovered where is the hq from on the revolutionary groups, and how the mission is gonna happen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >commander gives the new tecnology to zima use on this mission}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >mission happens (battle tutorial)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >leader is arrested}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >zima and the commander in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 terrogates the leader, either commits suicide or another Just kills him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >zima returns to home}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >change to 3rd person pov, king talking with the prince, and the prince telling that what he's gonna do the next day, it checks with what the leader said (big death flag)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >chapter 1 starts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [It's like FFVII: Fire escape is tedious but safer, elevator is riskier but faster. Player can set which floor they want to arrive on?]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another agent here that Zima doesn't know about?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guards already know to expect Zima. This worries her because she was supposed to have the element of surprise. Later she hears something about two intruders in the building. Then finds the dead bodies and afterward Vesna. At some point you get to talk to one of the foreign soldiers? Or at least eavesdrop on a conversation. You can talk to Vesna briefly before she leaves and Zima gets a small exploration segment before defeating the leader who Vesna kills (think the Russians in Resident Evil 3). Seeing the power of another Just could be done similarly to Roche in FF7R, so she wants to know Zima's rank and test her power. Maybe they duel in Chapter 3.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thanks to you I've been on a goose chase all over this damn kingdom."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna trying to piss Zima off, make her lose her cool. Zima gives in and they fight, Vesna wants to test her strength because she desires Zima's position, Zima giving into her anger (briefly). Before realizing that it's the wrong place to put it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 villain in intro could be a more important character to the story (think Turks in ff7, they tie in with other chars)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Should there be civilians? There shouldn't be corpses of civilians because the rebels aren't that bad. Proper civs allow for conversation, if not then the player should be able to talk to someone else like another Just if we go that route.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OH! Vagrant Story intro. People have been taken hostage in this castle, Ashley's cover is blown, awesome setup for the rest of the game. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King hopes to wage a war against the Illuminati and hopes for Zima to fail in the intro, for things to spiral out of control and civvs to die, Just to kill all the baddies and tensions to escalate between nations. But because she does such a good job he figures he needs a different strategy and decides to fake the Prince's death. So these are foreigners who have by proxy been encouraged by the Illuminati, and also the King, to attack, since it benefits both of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other Just gets involved with the fight, makes it so you start the boss off with less HP }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So far we got:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Penthouse is owned by a diplomat of the foreign kingdom, or a rich immigrant. Terrorists are forcibly taking him back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His penthouse is decorated with stuff that characterizes this other nation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima is supposed to rescue him. Does Vesna kill the terrorist leader, or the captive? Either one could know about the plan. It probably makes more sense for Vesna to kill the leader.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only thing is, Zima also barely follows the rules. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed to be the loose cannon, and Vesna is supposed to be one of the voices of reason against Zima when she\u8217\'92s risking lives on a hunch, and then going off on her own in Chapter 4. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assume Vesna blows Zima\u8217\'92s cover, shows you the extent of the Just\u8217\'92s power, you get to talk to her in the intro, you duel in chapter 3}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have something where Zima is attacked and should lose her life but is saved by augs (to show that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more than human). Then you get into a fight and get to play as her}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So you explore, break into the penthouse and look around, your cover is blown and Zima gets shot or something but she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ok due to augs, you get into a fight, explore and talk, another fight then you go to the roof and there\u8217\'92s a boss fight, Vesna demonstes her power and blows up the leader or captive, end intro.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to guide Ithiro on how to connect rooms}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe, penthouse is okay as long as you aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wasting time in bedrooms, bathrooms, living rooms, the places you also spend in Zima\u8217\'92s apartment. And Bressan can focus the background visuals on other things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So you emerge onto the roof. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a skylight but it\u8217\'92s too dangerous? Or maybe that\u8217\'92s an alternate way in that has you fighting more people? Idk maybe we shouldn\u8217\'92t even offer that if it doesn\u8217\'92t make narrative sense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assume you take a fire escape. You sneak into some upper hallways with bedrooms and because you don\u8217\'92t have the element of surprise, Zima gets shot or stabbed but is ok, and you get a tutorial battle. Then you move into the penthouse itself, get a chance to talk to Vesna, she runs off, you get into another fight, you find the hostage, run to the roof and fight the boss, Vesna blows up and you escape.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a SWAT4 mission approp for this? Like the fancy office level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93just make a cool outside staircase that leads from the balcony to the helipad}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it's a penthouse it has all sorts of cool shit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could do it like the action movies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 like make her climb from outside}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 or just dropping with perfect precision from a helicopter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 remember you got cyberpunk tech to make it work}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 maybe she could just walk in, simply hacking all the cameras on her way\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93but the more modern cameras can't, and that's for when we want to make them relevant for a scene}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 maybe a disguide could work?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 she already disguises herself in a later scene}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in the black market\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93we could make it into a thing she can do well, disguises\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Re: Zima\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s powers being unveiled in the intro:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93and the excuse is that she's keeping up her disguise\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hey, if Angel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91thing\u8217\'92 can be disguises and that works\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keep in mind what areas are in the palace (immediately after Zima\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s place) to avoid repetition}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kitchen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bathroom}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bedroom}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Living Room}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Palace:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throne room}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Den}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Penthouse:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Living room}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima jumps from the ship onto the helipad}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing interesting that can happen on a helipad, the first room should be built for exploration\line   And in general the game adopts a slower pace where you explore at your leisure. But in the intro Zima shouldn\u8217\'92t be slowing down. At best we can have some exploration in an upper floor room like a library, but even then Zima shouldn\u8217\'92t be slowing down to investigate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We could have Zima looking around the ship before the mission starts but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not too interesting?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think this is a timeline problem, where I want everything to be time consistent, but there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing interesting on the helipad}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So maybe there should be some kind of flash forward to the inside, where we can give the player a fight and then a room to explore}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could have some dialogue with the Marshal in the intro to establish things a little more}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We did this in the original intro, just go for something more in that tempo until Zima arrives in a room or has a fight}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima starts off on helipad, runs down staircase and into a bedroom that you can explore before (there could be a reason for exploring the bedroom like camera equipment) but any choice will put you in a fight. The scuffle alerts the rest of the building to your presence. Returning to the hall has you fighting a group of people. When you go downstairs there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a group of bodies and you can look around a bit. Moving to the dining room has you talking to Vesna, who is looking for the hostage. You enter the conjoining room and the robot goes off to the roof and so does Vesna. Zima follows up and you team up to take down the mech.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to have more stuff to examine}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}