{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHAPTER 1 IDEAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meet with the Prince in person at first, have him help Zima in some way be it through combat, giving her an item or plot direction so the player can establish a bond}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Make it so Zima offers to protect the Prince but Prince + King turn it down. So King can feel guilty, and Zima can believe that she should have been better}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe this ties in with Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arc--learning that she can\u8217\'92t do everything by herself, can\u8217\'92t be perfect and only by working with others can the world be made better (also a rejection of Monarchy, one ruler is no longer needed)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meet with the Prince in the castle, he gives Zima some sweet item/ability, maybe winky flirtiness, leaves for the meeting. Convo with King is unaffected because he doesn't tell Zima about leaving for the treaty so as to not argue with the lady.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zima meets with King and while he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s in a meeting Prince chats with her, doesn\u8217\'92t mention that he\u8217\'92s off to the treaty because he doesn\u8217\'92t want Zima to fuss. Maybe they have a little fight? He can give her an item/ability. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Add a bit in Zima's apartment about her being beat up, showering washes off some blood and she mentions her bruises, etc}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King will mention Zima's failure from the intro but forgive her, Prince won't mind. Here they will talk about what was foreshadowed by the rebel leader.}}