{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Justs: see Zima as royal guard dog, not the strongest Just but favoured by the King. Even if they believe Zima have Prince tell them off and make them respect her. Later on they can tease Prince and Zima about their relationship, Zima is popular with royalty (or maybe they concede that she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s popular for a reason)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Illuminati leader: Patriot AI, Helios etc. Could have some kind of stutter or speech gimmick (can we get a different font?) oh btw should ppl have different coloured font?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Sees army leader and violence as a necessary evil, things have gotten too out of hand and it regrets not acting sooner. Regardless, more lives are saved because of these actions. Zima gets to accuse it of incompetency for this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Neutral towards King and Prince, understands their situation and considers them valuable pawns. Suggests even keeping the kingdom as a figurehead but removing all power (which King and Prince disregard). The royalty of course hate Illuminati.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t cut yourself off\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Prince. I don\u8217\'92t want to share my feelings. I don\u8217\'92t want to open up. I want to find the guy that killed such-and-such and I\u8217\'92m gonna look him in the eye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then what?\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92m gonna share my feelings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Club scene:\line Zima goes to bartender, asks if he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s seen anything suspicious, dangerous, out od the ordinary}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, the real lookers don\u8217\'92t money in until around 11\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zima strikes up a conversation with a regular at the bar that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s flirty and revealing of both their characters, but this character ties in in some way to the plot ideally. Or this is the other Just.}}