{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Backstory:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The Illuminati is a secret organization that has existed since time immemorial. Their goal is to guide mankind through its evolution, putting a stop to anything that'd send it backwards or stagnate it. Their members are many and their influence is great, but much about them is shrouded in mystery, unknown even to the most powerful members of society.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -They want the kingdom to collapse because they feel that an absolute monarchy is a step backwards for civilization, instead of forwards, which would be an anarcho-capitalist dystopia (typical cyberpunk).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The kingdom is going through a financial, political and social crisis. The king, once known as a fair, kind and wise leader, is losing political power and his influence over the people. This is mostly being caused by the Illuminati through political games, financing criminals, providing aid to enemy nations and jeopardizing social programs, but it's also the king's fault, as he's becoming senile and less capable of ruling the people, despite his good intentions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The king knows about the Illuminati's meddling, but can't stop them because of the laws he himself created to give privacy and freedom to his people. He can't expose the Illuminati either because he doesn't have any concrete proof of their existence, much less of their actions against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -In order to effectively stop the Illuminati from hampering his kingdom, he feels that he needs to install martial law so he could do whatever needs to be done to root them out and banish them. However, he needs a reason to justify such a drastic change in his government, and that's when he devised a plan to fake the prince's assassination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -His plan would also legitimize him becoming immortal and ruling forever, since his only heir would've perished. He felt that he had to do so because he genuinely believes he's the only one who cares about his people, and is thus the only one who could lead them and stop the Illuminati from destroying his nation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The reason for the whole ordeal, instead of just straight up murdering the prince, is that the king isn't entirely evil, and preferred not to kill his own son.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The Rebellion is a group of people that're tired of the deplorable state the kingdom is in and are against the king's rule, as they feel he's out of touch and becoming senile, if not insane. They're simply treated as a criminal rebel group, though, and are persecuted by the king's forces, including Zima, who confronts them in several of the bounties (side quests) she does.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -They are not exactly against the kingdom, though, and simply want the king to step down and pass the crown onto the prince, as the prince has actually talked with them in secret, listening to their complaints, agreeing that the king is slowly losing his mind and that something fishy is going on (the Illuminati's tampering, which is not fully known by him).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *The story after Chapter 2:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Start of Chapter 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima decides to go to the commercial capital after discovering, through an intense investigation of the gang's base, that both the woman who planted the bomb in the prince's car, and the mysterious "Woman With The Ring", are hiding there. (The first scene of chapter 3 is her arriving at the commercial capital.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima meets one of the other members of the Justice once she arrives. The Just comments on her recent actions, either telling her that she "won't make any friends" if she just keeps killing everyone that confronts her, or praising her compassion and dilligent work if she has been arresting most of them. This is foreshadowing for the end of the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima finds out through various sources in the Commercial Capital (including the woman who planted the bomb in the prince's car) that the ones responsible for the prince's assassination were the Illuminatti (The Woman With The Ring's organization).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The Illuminati actually have nothing to do with the whole ordeal, but they're well aware of the King's plot. However, they manipulated the information Zima was given in order to lure her into finding and joining them, and even if she doesn't, to discover the king's plans and bring him down for them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -She discovers the location of the Illuminati's "secret headquarters", and heads there to confront them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima infliltrates the hideout, and confronts a group of women (posing as the head of the Illuminatti, but that're actually just a proxy to them).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -They tell her about themselves and present their motivations and goals, asking her to join them, telling her that the prince is still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima refuses, and fights the group, emerging victorious and discovering the prince's location: A remote, supposedly abandoned military base.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Start of Chapter 4}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -She travels to a small town close to the base. After some intel gathering, she infiltrates the base, that's being guarded by an unknown army (working for the king). She finds the prince in a luxurious room and without any restraints, much to her confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -After leaving the base with her, the prince reveals the whole secret plot of the king to Zima.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The prince, tired of being just a political tool and a fake promise of renewal for the kingdom, decides to stand up to his father and take the throne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -After dropping the prince in a safe location with his "friends" (unknown to Zima, the Rebellion), she calls the king and demands an explanation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima's questioning and legitimate arguments drive the king over the edge, and fearing she would side with the prince and overthrow him, he declares her a public enemy and orders the entire Justice corps to go after her and the prince.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Start of Chapter 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima travels back to the kingdom in order to stop the king, fighting the other members of the Justice corps along the way. Each of them confronts her in their own unique way (direct confrontation, stealth assassination, sniping, etc), but if Zima has been arresting her enemies instead of killing them, they believe her version of the story and decide to join her in protecting the prince. If Zima has been killing everyone that stands in her path, however, they either die by her hand or don't believe her, thinking she has gone insane or has betrayed the kingdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima eventually arrives and infiltrates the palace, finally meeting the king face to face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -After the king more calmly explains his motives and the situation he's in, Zima feels very conflicted, but seeing as he won't stop with his plans, and that he has gone completely mad with his plans of becoming an immortal, tyrannical ruler, she battles him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -After dealing with the king, either by killing or arresting him (this is justified because the king broke several of the laws he himself wrote), Zima receives a call from the prince telling her that his hideout is under attack by a massive, extremely powerful army in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -This is the Illuminati's military force, sent to assassinate the prince now that the king has been brought down, in order to destroy the monarchy for good.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Start of Chapter 6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Zima hastily makes for the secret location the prince is held in, and with a lot of difficulty tries to fight back the forces that were sent to dispatch of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -It is at this moment that the players' actions throughout the game (killing or arresting his enemies) come into play.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >If she spared most of the people she confronted, thus earning the rest of the Justice corps' trust, they come in to help her fight back the army, and they emerge victorious. The prince takes the throne, exposing the whole ordeal to the people, freeing Zima of her charges. The Illuminati suffer a massive blow in their cover, credibility and military power, and go into hiding to recover, leaving the kingdom to prosper under the new king's rule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >However, if Zima killed the other Justs, or if they didn't believe her because of her murderous tendencies, they don't come to her aid. The prince is killed while Zima tries to fight back the army, and she is eventually overwhelmed and killed too. With the kingdom in shambles, the Illuminati's plans succeed, and human civilization advances to it's next step in evolution, an anarcho-capitalist dystopia, as seen in most cyberpunk works.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}