{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WHERE THE LORE?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bond makes his job look easy. Zima also does, but in reality the player is struggling to win fights, Zima gets beat up, isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t \u8220\'93perfect\u8221\'94 like Bond. Has to accept that this problem is bigger than one person to accomplish. At first she rejects help but has to accept it and admit that she puts on a cool cover to intimidate the enemy and to inspire those around her. Putting your life on the line is scary but you do it, and ultimately that\u8217\'92s what makes her \u8220\'93cool\u8221\'94 (in the eyes of a rookie?)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ------------------}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 why does the illuminati feel that an anarcho-capitalist world pushes human evolution? as opposed to a monarchy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 illuminati, king, these are people who think they know what's best for the world. Should humanity choose for itself, or do we need these leaders to choose what's best for us?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 rebellion needs a better name}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 we need a person (or chorus of persons) to represent the illuminati--think helios in DX}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 bounce Zima off more on recurring characters (Prince, King, Justs (pick some of these and put them in early, even things like King or a Marshal mentioning one of the other Justs and having Zima respond))}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 rebellion leader character}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 foreman was just a guarddog, unaware of the actual picture}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lore bit: Illuminati is responsible for other elements in the past like King's Dad taking the throne, because it was the right step for the time, Illuminati also responsible for augs/Zima?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SWERYISM: Three mysteries--mystery of plot, mystery of protagonist, and mystery of developing relationship between characters (here it would be Zima/King/Prince/one of the Justs)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHARACTERS}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zima - Aries, Capricorn}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Prince - Gemini}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 King - Cancer}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Illuminati leader (chorus) - Libra}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Illuminati proxy (woman) - Pisces}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just(s)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Army leader - Pisces}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 each need bios and relationships to each other. And try to fit each in ASAP and in as many places as possible (e.g. if Zima storms a winter base have another Just join her and both of them escape the base with the Prince while confronting the army leader)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Prince: he's gotta be immediately likeable. Everything his father isn't: cool, talkative, flirty, someone who likes to push Zima's buttons. But also professional, let him make mistakes and learn from them, but he should be every bit Zima's equal both in combat and character. Maybe we can take away one of Zima's combat abilities and give it to him (or invent a new one). Thing is he can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be cool and collected because Zima is. So he needs to be smart, but not street smart. He\u8217\'92s been secluded and doesn\u8217\'92t know enough about the world, but he knows things about politics and such that Zima doesn\u8217\'92t. But he\u8217\'92s eager to learn more, in a cute sort of way. He trusts Zima and looks to learn from her about combat and the life of commoners, but maybe he\u8217\'92s more sympathetic to them than she is. Maybe even he gains skills/gets stronger in combat throughout the game (Zima stays static but gets better items/augs).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH 3: Commercial capital is gross capitalism, Zima has to do sleuthing to find the Woman with the ring, turns out the Illuminati isn't that big a secret (King knows about them and Woman assumes he told Zima ("oh, he didn't tell you? poor thing. Maybe you're not his favourite anymore. He's powerless you know" yadda yadda)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima arrives at the capital, has a lead on the bomb/ring woman Foreman mentioned (they found something in the rubble of the lab perhaps). }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Has to go around the area, talk to people and such, find info, during this time learns why this world needs heavier governing (gross capitalism)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Meets up with the Just group, some of them split up to find their own clues}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -When Zima finds evidence you return to the HQ to talk it over with Justs since they know the area better. Finding each clue leads to a new spot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Going on patrol in this chapter can have you bump into another Just}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima finds location of Illuminati HQ (you can optionally bring the other Justs with you, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re locked off separately}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Illuminati members coerce Zima to join, she refuses and fights them}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima fights her way out, joined by the Justs}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Heads off to find Prince. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH4: -Zima goes to a small town near the base where the Prince is being kept [what is special about the town?]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Villagers aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t happy about the big military base offer to help Zima. There are military patrols out for her and there is light stealth similar to Black Market.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Can try to storm the base at any time but they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re way too strong, either there\u8217\'92s a back entrance or for every sidequest you do, you have more help to get inside (each person that joins helps you like giving you supplies, smokescreening the enemies, etc)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Rescue Prince who tells Zima the plan}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Defeats army captain [revealed to be a Just? Or bitter that they weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t chosen to be one], Prince helps in fight}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Prince gets Zima to drop him off with the Rebellion, gives Zima tips on talking to his Dad but knows the chat won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t go well.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima calls King demanding an explanation, he accuses her of siding with the Prince and planning to overthrow the Kingdom. Declares her a traitor [Why does King want Zima to investigate Prince\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93death\u8221\'94 but not find him? He wasn\u8217\'92t planning for the Illuminati to interfere, so Zima would find the \u8220\'93evidence\u8221\'94 necessary to declare war?] Then he sends the other Just to kill Zima and Prince.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH5: -Prince thinks his Dad can be reasoned with, Zima is ready to fight, they fight about this and Zima concedes that she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll try to think of something along the way. Not that she wants to kill him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima reenters the Kingdom, makes her way to the Palace, along the way dealing with each member of the Just (boss rush), each with their own combat styles. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll join her if you\u8217\'92ve been arresting people, otherwise they\u8217\'92ll call you mad.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima meets the King (any joined Justs wait outside in case things get ugly, Zima wants to talk with him one on one). He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cooled down now and explains his situation: that the Illuminati is trying to get the people to overthrow him and he can only stop them with the \u8220\'93death\u8221\'94 of the Prince, he can rule for years to come and try to provide the best for his people instead of handing things off to someone else.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima tries to talk him out of it but he won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t budge. He\u8217\'92s even prepared to let Zima and the Prince go(?) But Zima knows she has to fight him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -1v1 big battle! If Zima arrests him she has to say something about taking him in because he broke his own laws. [we need reasoning for him to actually get arrested, like, Zima has hard evidence of his meddling (Zima records it because she expects to die, or the other Justs hear everything).]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Zima gets a call from the Prince telling her the resistance is under attack by an army (it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the Illuminati because they know the King is out of commission [that would mean they\u8217\'92re bugging the throne room or something? Maybe this doesn\u8217\'92t have to be explained. They are the illuminati after all.] they want to kill the Prince to end the monarchy (now that the Prince is presumed dead they can easily step in and assume control of the Kingdom)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH6: -King is dying/arrested when Prince calls. He hates Zima and Prince but he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d rather the Prince take the throne than the Illuminati, so he tells Zima where he suspects they\u8217\'92ve taken him. (where, exactly?)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima has to keep the King\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s death a secret to avoid Illuminati attack/Getting the arrested King to declare war is a last-ditch resort, so Zima infiltrates the compound and rescues the Prince who expresses sadness over his father but also a strong desire to lead the nation. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Zima and Prince are left to make a stand against the Illuminati\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s forces. If Zima didn\u8217\'92t kill the Just they show up to the rescue [if there was a reason for them not to be in one place it\u8217\'92s pointless now because King is dead?] and they destroy the computer controlling the AI. The Prince takes the throne, frees Zima of her charges. The Illuminati go back into hiding.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -If the Just don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t arrive then Zima and the Prince don\u8217\'92t survive the fight, Illuminati take over the kingdom and we go full cyberpunk. Ouch!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "I don't care if you're the Illuminati or Mickey Mouse (MIZA?). I'm kicking your ass."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh yeah don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t forget MIZA is in the game and can talk sometimes}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 G. Foreman return: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Y\u8217\'92know Kid, all this time I\u8217\'92ve been hoping you\u8217\'92d make it this far. Last fight was just too much fun! The only sad part was, we weren\u8217\'92t playing fair. You\u8217\'92ve got all those fancy augmentations, and now, so do I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vagrant Story parallels: Zima = Ashley}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Prince = Merlose, Sydney}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 King = Guildenstern, Duke}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe the intro is someone uncovering Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s story}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Needs a human element: Ashley\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mysterious past, Sydney sees right through him}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the problems in VS created by Duke protecting his son}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Needs confrontations between Prince and King}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Needs a clearer villain (same way Sydney sees through Ashley, twist of course being that they aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the true villain)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Research illuminati, fall of russian monarchy, maoism, political anime like gundam, more matsuno }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 *Ashley is a calm and just soldier. A loyal agent with a strong sense of duty, he is a prized agent among the VKP. As he dislikes working with others, he initially comes off as taciturn and unfriendly. He is later revealed to be a caring type, showing concern for fellow soldiers and empathy for some of his enemies. He is emotionally fragile, shown by his reactions when betrayed or manipulated. According to Sydney, Ashley's defining trait is child-like faith.*}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But why is Zima like this? In Ashley\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s case he was brainwashed. In Zima\u8217\'92s case, bred by the King but there has to be more.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What if Zima is chasing a villain who lusts to take the throne, and King kills them? Like how Sydney kills Rosencrantz. Need to show King as more morally ambiguous. King does it himself because he doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want anyone else to know about it? Including Zima? Maybe this is where he plans to kill Zima and \u8220\'93deal\u8221\'94 with the Prince.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe Zima has PTSD, loss of her partner? Explains why she feels protective of others, like Prince}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okay but what if Prince had a Prince reference like a spell called \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93shockadelica\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 we have been driven into neofeudalism. What happened to feudalism the last time - the American and French revolutons. We've just exchanged kings for bankers. Churches for media.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Overthrow a monarchy, switch to democracy, and see how long it takes for power to consolidate in the few. People desire to be lead. It's why we believe in omnipotent gods. Why trust in a group of flawed individuals that reach consensus through fights on podiums when you can trust in a single king, flawed as he may be?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - three different storylines intersecting: who killed the prince, a mystery about the protagonist and a relationship between the Zima and the Prince (and King)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Justs are female because augs adapt slightly better to female brains, and differences in size and strength averages is of no concern when augments do most of the work. This is also why large muscles aren't required for Justs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Those are some nice augs. But if I smash that brain of yours, you'll be just another mannequin"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Being a Just means using whatever tools are on hand, hence buying goods. Money is traceless unlike government issued weapons (still don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t buy this)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Basically write her as Nicholas Angel from Hot Fuzz (characters she speaks with will need to be lighter-hearted to offer a dynamic)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Illuminati names:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the forces}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the higher-ups}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the counselors}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the guiding hand}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the committee}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 good samaritan}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}