{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lore}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the kingdom is made of colonies, and the two planets they have are not habitable, but resource fonts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the human alliance (or whatever the name we give them), have a lot of habitable planets, that's why they have 12 stars on the flag}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the small region is the country attacking the kingdom on the start of the game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the kingdom can had a war with them long time ago and took almost all their colonies that rested}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and there's another region/alliance that can play like the neutral state}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 just to give more substance for the world building and not be just a two-sided thing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 several generations ago there was a global war that ended in the creation of new countries and states. During this period a large amount of money controlled by nobles was lost. In the years to follow, King Yor's father, who I should really give a damn name to, established the monarchy and the modern kingdom. The lost wealth landed in the hands of the Illuminati, who have been using their wealth and power to work towards bringing all humanity under one (invisible) sect of leaders. They stay in the shadows because their end goal isn't power but rather to control ideology, thought and culture. They believe this is best employed silently rather than through direct thought (point to King as an example of open culture control that has failed, with examples of terrorism and general hate for him).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a rapid amount of time the Illuminati has gained control of the other major nations. Through economic pressure, terrorism and a settlement of keeping kings and councils as political figureheads. These nations are largely responsible for the Kingdom's oil, entertainment and energy trades. Meanwhile the Kingdom has built a sizable military power. As the King learns of the Illuminati and his paranoia grows, the Kingdom increases its military spending and decreases outside trade. The King and the Illuminati are in a stalemate for this and other reasons like King lacking proof of Illuminati's presence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anyway we're all on a giant space ship in outer space. Not the modern kind but like a giant space cruise liner/pirate ship. For whatever reason we're lightyears away from home planets. The Kingdom rests by a gas giant and asteroid belt for fuel and minerals. Because the ship doesn't rotate, the upper class and farmland faces the sun and it's always daytime, while the lower class is always in night and many of the people work in upkeep/military/resource mining. The layers of the ship as well as each wing are strongly secured by the government to keep people in their proper place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mining town Zima visits in Ch4 is a settlement on one of the asteroids. The ships explain why there is such little commerce between the Kingdom and other places, as well as why the Illuminati can't launch a full-scale invasion.  It also puts the Kingdom in a cultural bubble.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 like the patriots, the illuminati has power because of a large sum of money similar to philosopher's legacy, left over from revolution that put first King in place (turbulence that disrupted all countries)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 because King's revolution meant his share of wealth wasn't pooled with the rest, meant that King hsan't been influenced by Illuminati which sprung from free market deregulation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King's empire has less of a class divide, drug problem, etc. Monarchy means people enjoy less freedoms but are protected from excess. Kingdom is a strong military provider and therefore is able to freely trade with the other nations without worry of takeover.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other nations used the money to build their own military but also to create necessities like oil, entertainment, nuclear energy. Things that would be shut off from the kingdom if there was a war. The leaders of these other nations and the secret council that controls them know that the King can't fight them, but they also know they can't fight the King due to his stronger military force. Starting a war would lead to death and a bad economy (there is no point to starting a war economy if you control everything unless you want a totalitarian state like the King). And so there is a cold war between them. Illuminati would prefer a puppet leader: had offered this to the King who declined, and had considered assassination and offering the throne to the Prince but again, increased paranoia and military power. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although in this situation the Illuminati have a large amount of money and power, it isn't their end goal. Rather, they seek to control ideology, thought and culture to advance humans to a higher level of thinking. They believe this is best employed silently rather than through direct thought (point to King as an example of open culture control that has failed, with examples of terrorism and general hate for him).}}