{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 K}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 ing Yor: "...My Kingdom--this great republic--means nothing unless it means the triumph of an economic system under which every royal subject shall be granted the opportunity to show the best that there is in themselves. Other governments may present you with freedom. They may present you with power. I offer you something greater: prosperity. The ability to prosper under one banner, free from the poison of foreign temptation.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Commander: "Another rally speech. Paranoid old coot."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: "..."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: "Who's the target?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Commander: "Leader of a small revolutionary group. They're calling for open trade borders between nations. Getting violent at guardposts. Couple of murders."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Commander: "I'd tell you to be careful, but this is a job for the police. There's civilians inside. For the King to send a Just in, it's overkill."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Commander: "Speaking of which...here. New aug tech for targeting and vitals. Another gift from the Palace for his favourite guard dog."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (I ignore the remark and admire the aug, a dull band that slips over my finger.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: "He wants this spectacle to line up with his show."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Commander: "Better give him one then."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 King: "...Those who fail in our fight will fall in the beauty of our Kingdom's future!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (I switch the display from broadcast to thermal reading. Time to get to work.)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 [TITLE. CREDITS.]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Commander: "Give em hell, Just."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (The ship lifts off the rain-slick tarmac and back into the storm. I twist the ring and a pulse shoots into my retinas.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 "SYSTEM TURN ON"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 "HELLO JUST [ZIMA]. WELCOME TO THE SETUP MATRIX."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 "TO SERVE IS DIVINE."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (I'm on the roof of the rebel building. What should I do?)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 CHECK ELEVATOR}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 CHECK FIRE ESCAPE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 EXIT TO FIRE ESCAPE}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (I'm on the helipad for the Capital Royal Hospital. The whipping of rain is blocking out the lights and sound of the nearby buildings.)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Check elevator:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (This would be the fastest way down, but it's locked from the roof. I'll have to access it from another floor.)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Check fire escape:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (The staircase reaches down several floors. Should I go down?) y/n}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 --}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Top floor:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 CHECK VENDING MACHINE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 CHECK ELEVATOR}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 OPEN ELEVATOR}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 EXIT TO ROOF}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima: (Photos and panes of glass lay broken on the floor. This was a fight that pushed the rebels further down the building.)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 --}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 [It's like FFVII: Fire escape is tedious but safer, elevator is riskier but faster. Player can set which floor they want to arrive on?]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Another agent here that Zima doesn't know about?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 The guards already know to expect Zima. This worries her because she was supposed to have the element of surprise. Later she hears something about two intruders in the building. Then finds the dead bodies and afterward Vesna. At some point you get to talk to one of the foreign soldiers? Or at least eavesdrop on a conversation. You can talk to Vesna briefly before she leaves and Zima gets a small exploration segment before defeating the leader who Vesna kills (think the Russians in Resident Evil 3). Seeing the power of another Just could be done similarly to Roche in FF7R, so she wants to know Zima's rank and test her power. Maybe they duel in Chapter 3.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 "Thanks to you I've been on a goose chase all over this damn kingdom."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Vesna trying to piss Zima off, make her lose her cool. Zima gives in and they fight, Vesna wants to test her strength because she desires Zima's position, Zima giving into her anger (briefly). Before realizing that it's the wrong place to put it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 King will mention Zima's failure but forgive her, Prince won't mind. Here they will talk about what was foreshadowed by the rebel leader.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Locations:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Hospital}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 (Promenade with park and fountain down below)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Apartments}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Mall}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Look into light gun games, how they progress and evolve environments}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Something with interesting backgrounds for Bressan, hopefully unique from the rest of the game and memorable}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 All the better if it can offer unique gameplay/exploration/dialogue and worldbuilding}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Die Hard plaza setting?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Train (moving inside/outside, through cars, themed differently, residential vs cargo, engine cabin)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Airport (starport I guess)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 So far we got:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -Palace}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -City Streets}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -Casino}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -Battle Arena}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -Military Base}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -Outer Space}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 -Nightclub}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 It's going to be a penthouse}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Penthouse is owned by a diplomat of the foreign kingdom, or a rich immigrant. Terrorists are forcibly taking him back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 His penthouse is decorated with stuff that characterizes this other nation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima is supposed to rescue him. Does Vesna kill the terrorist leader, or the captive? Either one could know about the plan. It probably makes more sense for Vesna to kill the leader.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Only thing is, Zima also barely follows the rules. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed to be the loose cannon, and Vesna is supposed to be one of the voices of reason against Zima when she\u8217\'92s risking lives on a hunch, and then going off on her own in Chapter 4.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s assume Vesna blows Zima\u8217\'92s cover, shows you the extent of the Just\u8217\'92s power, you get to talk to her in the intro, you duel in chapter 3}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Have something where Zima is attacked and should lose her life but is saved by augs (to show that she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s more than human). Then you get into a fight and get to play as her}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 So you explore, break into the penthouse and look around, your cover is blown and Zima gets shot or something but she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ok due to augs, you get into a fight, explore and talk, another fight then you go to the roof and there\u8217\'92s a boss fight, Vesna demonstes her power and blows up the leader or captive, end intro.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Need to guide Ithiro on how to connect rooms}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Should it be a penthouse? Since after this you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re in Zima\u8217\'92s apartment}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Maybe it should be somewhere else just for visual variety}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Opera House}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Ballroom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Bank}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 But why would some diplomat be at these places? Kinda puts bank out of the question. The others, you assume guests that could be dead or in the process of being rescued.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Opera House--idk how you can design that vertically at the top of a building and have an interesting location.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Ballroom--part of a larger building. Could work.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 \line Maybe ballroom isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t the right word but rather a party scene? That could be in a fancy penthouse apartment.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Maybe, penthouse is okay as long as you aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t wasting time in bedrooms, bathrooms, living rooms, the places you also spend in Zima\u8217\'92s apartment. And Bressan can focus the background visuals on other things.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 So you emerge onto the roof. There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a skylight but it\u8217\'92s too dangerous? Or maybe that\u8217\'92s an alternate way in that has you fighting more people? Idk maybe we shouldn\u8217\'92t even offer that if it doesn\u8217\'92t make narrative sense.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s assume you take a fire escape. You sneak into some upper hallways with bedrooms and because you don\u8217\'92t have the element of surprise, Zima gets shot or stabbed but is ok, and you get a tutorial battle. Then you move into the penthouse itself, get a chance to talk to Vesna, she runs off, you get into another fight, you find the hostage, run to the roof and fight the boss, Vesna blows up and you escape.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Maybe there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a SWAT4 mission approp for this? Like the fancy office level.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 just make a cool outside staircase that leads from the balcony to the helipad}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 it's a penthouse it has all sorts of cool shit\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93ou could do it like the action movies}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 like make her climb from outside}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 or just dropping with perfect precision from a helicopter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 remember you got cyberpunk tech to make it work}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 maybe she could just walk in, simply hacking all the cameras on her way\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93but the more modern cameras can't, and that's for when we want to make them relevant for a scene}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 maybe a disguide could work?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 she already disguises herself in a later scene}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 in the black market\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93we could make it into a thing she can do well, disguises\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Re: Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s powers being unveiled in the intro:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93and the excuse is that she's keeping up her disguise\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Keep in mind what areas are in the palace (immediately after Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s place) to avoid repetition}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Zima\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Kitchen}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Bathroom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Bedroom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Living Room}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Palace:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Throne room}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Den}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Penthouse:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\cb1\highlight1 Living room}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }}