{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIALOG TIPS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Generally dialogue has you needing to find information from someone, or they're "quirky" and you profile them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e.g. What's with the gold teeth? Why did you become a clown?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or you need to find out information from someone:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did he have any enemies?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where can I find such and such?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When characters answer, they go on tangents. Conversations are also broken up into multiple proceeding questions before they go on too long.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When in doubt, give the player interaction by letting them choose between a serious or silly answer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of the tangents, it's easy to break up dialog into short bits that go on quick tangents to explain important information such as lore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players need to find someone, blend in with the area}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ideas for the building:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Need to get off at different floors in the elevator}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Offices at the top, conference rooms, then lobby}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hotel maybe? Does that mean there are regular people in here too?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Is it like Die Hard where some floors are under construction?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - What if Zima has to press buttons to stop floors and doesn't know what's on the other side? First time it's concerned citizens, next couple of times it's goons, then maybe dead goons because there's another Just in the area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Beforehand the player stops to get further briefed about the civvs in the building. Zima needs to call the elevator which has an extra step to it? Exploring a little in a later area will offer a potion to reward the player a little (include this in the rest of the game!)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Extra steps to the elevator could mean:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Finding the key for the door}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Hacking it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Going down a floor from the fire \tab escape and entering the elevator from \tab there}}