{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INTRO ALT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve called you all for a task of great importance. You all know I\u8217\'92m tracking the murder of Prince Ygne.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Death. Death of Prince Ygne. Unless you have news to share with us on that, Zima?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Security footage at the scene and a tip from a crime ring in Outer Rim. There\u8217\'92s a woman we\u8217\'92re looking for, and she\u8217\'92s bound to be here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s all you have to go on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you help or not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would have to pay visits to each of the Dons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s three Dons in Commercial. Each one has a huge amount of money and influence over this town.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They pretty much own the place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this goes all the way to the top like you think it does, the Dons will know about it. But it wouldn\u8217\'92t be easy. We would be walking into hotspots of crime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do we know that your hunch will be worth this risk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not wrong. I\u8217\'92ll do this on my own if I have to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *If the player has been killing a lot*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s talk about your fighting, Zima. We\u8217\'92ve heard you\u8217\'92ve been doing a lot of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, like a lot! And killing too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe taking things too far for a servant of the people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will not make many friends with this kind of approach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s so bad. Zima\u8217\'92s just doing her job right? Scaring all the baddies straight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet, that kind of crazy says you know how to handle yourself. But\u8230\'85 play it a bit cooler from now on, ok?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Mh, I\u8217\'92ll keep it in mind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With that out of the way, let\u8217\'92s finish this case, shall we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *If the player has been arresting a lot*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Normally, I wouldn\u8217\'92t. This could put all our lives in danger. But you\u8217\'92ve earned a reputation among Justs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been doing a good job!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not always easy to spare someone in the heat of battle, yet you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you could be a little tougher on people. Just my preference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks everyone. Then, let\u8217\'92s finish this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ooh, we can show you around and help you meet the Dons! Doesn\u8217\'92t that sound like fun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Commercial Capital is large and loosely governed. We are the best help you will get.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is part of the job, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m down for a fun time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take any chance to make some noise in Commercial.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then, let\u8217\'92s pay a visit to these Dons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll split up for recon and wait on you to start moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[From this point, once the player leaves the HQ, the Justs\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 will be gone, cutting off dialogue options.]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT FOREMAN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK FOR HELP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [SOMETHING ELSE]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO OFFICE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO MAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Should Justs return here after their section is done?]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a rec room for the Justs of the Commercial Capital to meet and relax in.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask about Foreman:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did any of you encounter G. Foreman while he was in the Commercial?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard you dealt with that freak--good job. Before he was grappling you, he was breaking skulls down by the port.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another military grunt that got tired of following orders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may ask, Herr Zima, how did you defeat him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *If player used their fists*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I beat the tar out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *If player used their guns*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shot the hell out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *If player used intimidate twice or more*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I intimidated the hell out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On repeat:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did any of you encounter G. Foreman while he was in the Commercial?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too many times, so thanks for taking care of him. Before he was grappling you, he was breaking skulls down by the port.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO OFFICE:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK EMAILS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SOMETHING ELSE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO REC ROOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a temp office with a computer to check mail.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check emails:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Email]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Something else]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO MAP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Random Just will say goodbye (if Justs are present):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seeya, Sister Zima!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take care out there, Herr Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catch you later, Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t stir up too much trouble without us, Just.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t asked for help yet, the shop, patrol and bounties are available, but the three story locations are unavailable. The Justs won\u8217\'92t be out on patrol, so expect patrol and bounties to kick your ass and make the player appreciate their help more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On returning to HQ, random chance of one of the Justs greeting you (if Justs are present):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome back, Sister Zima!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome back to the base, Herr Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, welcome back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve returned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}