{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SCRAPS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri-720\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 [[Other Just asks Zima what her weapon is named and Zima explains that her augs make her comfortable with a multitude of weapons and she prefers to be flexible with equipment]]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 [[One of the Just actually isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t here\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 skipped the meeting because she\u8217\'92s too cool/chill/doesn\u8217\'92t care. The others begrudgingly tell Zima that she\u8217\'92ll have to be found (at her apartment? At the casino already? Find her during a patrol?). This character calls Zima \u8220\'93princess\u8221\'94 and thinks she\u8217\'92s way too uptight; she\u8217\'92s flirty and likes pushing Zima\u8217\'92s buttons. Wait how is she different from the Prince? Who I still haven\u8217\'92t written a line for\u8230\'85]]}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT FOREMAN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1 Ask about Foreman}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0 :}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1 First time:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did any of you encounter G. Foreman while he was in the Commercial?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I heard you dealt with that freak--good job. Before he was grappling you, he was breaking skulls down by the port.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Another military grunt that got tired of following orders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If I may ask, Dame Zima, how did you defeat him?\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 *If player used their fists*}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I beat the tar out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 *If player used their guns*}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I shot the hell out of him.\u8221\'94\line *If player used intimidate twice or more*}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I intimidated the hell out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1 On repeat:\line }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did any of you encounter G. Foreman while he was in the Commercial?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Too many times, so thanks for taking care of him. Before he was grappling you, he was breaking skulls down by the port. Bastard war vet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: (Veter smiles.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Veter: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m down for a fun time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 don 1: are you cops? you're cops!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 don 2: they're gonna kill you, but a deal's a deal}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 don 3: who are you people?}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i1 Ask about Prince:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think the Prince is still alive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Osen: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I sure hope so! He\u8217\'92s ever so charming!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Padat: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All we can do is believe you; that he still lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0}