{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Yor: "...My Kingdom--this great republic--means nothing unless it means the triumph of a political system under which every royal subject is given the opportunity to show the best that there is in themselves.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Yor: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Other governments may present you with freedom. They may present you with power. I offer you something greater: prosperity.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Yor: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The ability to prosper under one banner, free from the poison of foreign power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: "Another rally speech. Paranoid old coot."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "..."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Who's the target?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: "Leader of a Roshchian revolutionary group. They're calling for violent political revolution in their homeland. Starting riots in their capitol. Couple of murders."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This time they\u8217\'92ve taken the Roshcha ambassador and his dinner guests captive. They\u8217\'92re demanding twenty million drillos and safe passage out of the Ostrov Kingdom.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: "I'd tell you to be careful, but this is a job for the police. There's civilians inside. For the King to send a Just in, it's overkill."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: "Speaking of which...here. New aug tech for targeting and vitals. Another gift from the Palace for his favorite guard dog."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I ignore the remark and admire the aug, a dull band that slips over my finger.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The terrorists aren\u8217\'92t expecting the ransom. They want a televised execution.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "A bloody spectacle to line up with the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s show. I had better give them one then."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: "...Those who fail in our fight will fall in the beauty of our Kingdom's future!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I switch the display from broadcast to thermal reading. Time to get to work.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: "Do your thing, Just."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The ship lifts off the rain-slick tarmac and back into the storm. I twist the ring and a pulse shoots into my retinas.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "SYSTEM TURN ON"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "HELLO JUST [ZIMA]. WELCOME TO THE SETUP MATRIX."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "TO SERVE IS DIVINE."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I'm on the roof of the penthouse. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK SKYLIGHT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ELEVATOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK FIRE ESCAPE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO FIRE ESCAPE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check room (first):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I'm on the helipad of the Dorogaya Hotel. The whipping of rain is blocking out the lights of the nearby buildings and the bustle of the streets below.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check room (repeat):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The whipping of rain blocks out the lights of the nearby buildings, and the bustle of the streets below.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check skylight (first):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The skylight sits over the main hall, but the patterns of the glass make it difficult to see what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s below. Dropping into the main room would be too risky.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check skylight (repeat):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too risky to drop into the main hall when I can\u8217\'92t see what\u8217\'92s below.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check elevator (first):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (This would be the fastest way down, but it's locked from the roof. I'll have to access the elevator from another floor.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check elevator (repeat):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The doors are locked from the roof. I'll have to access the elevator from another floor.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check fire escape:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The staircase reaches down several floors. Should I go down?) y/n}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I move down the fire escape. This should put me on the second floor of the penthouse.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m in a makeshift comms room. What should I do?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK TV MONITORS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK SATELLITE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO HALLWAY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Picking any option gives this result:]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I hear a creaking behind the door and turn, but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too late. A figure jumps forward and plunges a knife in my side. He steps back and grins.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I gasp for air. My gun drops to the floor. I try to hold the knife, but my hands are shaking.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I try to say something but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (My nanomachines send a rush of adrenaline, morphine and nootropics. My mind focuses and the pain disappears. Ciliary motility relaxes my muscles and clots the wound.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The knife is back in my hand. I twirl it and dart it at the wall next to my petrified assailant.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, enough of the act.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [BATTLE START]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [TUT 1. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll keep MIZA here, but we don\u8217\'92t need Zima to make a deal about her presence]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I take my gun from the floor.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody was supposed to expect a Just coming in from the roof. What blew my cover?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK MONITORS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK SPEAKER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK SATELLITE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EXIT TO HALLWAY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (An ornate bedroom with comms equipment taking over the space. The satellite dish pokes out the open window, spilling rain onto the carpet. The wind howls from outside.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check monitors (First):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (These monitors link to cameras on the main floor. One of the signals has been terminated, and one points to the living room.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The living room looks empty. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed to be a dozen armed people in this penthouse.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check monitors (Repeat):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (One of the camera signals has been terminated, and one points to the living room.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The living room looks empty. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed to be a dozen armed people in this penthouse.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check camera (First):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The camera is hooked up to the satellite. The line is set to a Roshchian channel.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check satellite:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A satellite dish ready to broadcast an execution.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Exit to hallway:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I ready my gun and peek into the hallway. A bullet shatters across the hallway in response.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever heard of knocking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[Battle two, where we teach the player to use a gun.]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I move down the hallway to the foyer. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear any voices. I peer over the banister and go down the staircase. There\u8217\'92s a thick smell of iron in the air.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Looks like I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m late to the party.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK BODIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK MAP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OPEN DOOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO BEDROOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check room (first):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The broken chandelier casts an austere light across ornate furniture. Curtains block any potential window attacks.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check bodies (first):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A group of bodies slumped over ornate furniture. The dinner guests have been shot by the terrorists, and the terrorists have been cut to pieces with a long blade. The smell of iron is overbearing.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check bodies (repeat):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A group of bodies slumped over ornate furniture. The dinner guests have been shot by the terrorists, and the terrorists have been cut to pieces with a long blade.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check map:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a cloth map of our solar system. To the north is the Soyuz nations, including Roshcha. To the south in the Nizhe Belt is us, the Ostrov Kingdom.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open door (if already talked to Vesna):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! Don\u8217\'92t go thinking you can steal all the action for yourself. Let\u8217\'92s go in together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[then continue with all the door kicking section]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open door (first time):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I listen against the door. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a voice, humming in this room.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vesna?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you are, Just. Some party, eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK WHY SHE\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S HERE (mention capitol, outer rim, chapter 3 location)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE BODIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE AMBASSADOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT HER SWORD (talk about augs, kingdom)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask why she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s here:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing here? The palace assigned me to this mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A patrol officer at the Commercial Capitol border mentioned the Roschian\u8217\'92s plans, and I wanted in on the fun. It\u8217\'92s not fair to have the action all to yourself, Zima.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask her about the bodies:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So these bodies are your handiwork?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only the terrorists. Couldn\u8217\'92t do a thing about the dinner guests.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know how these hostage situations go: they tell you to stop, you pull out the intestines of his friends, and pretty soon there\u8217\'92s no more hostages to worry about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask about her sword:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (She eyes me and cleans the blood off her sword. She flicks a drop into the air and catches it with her tongue.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Heh, you like it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you haven\u8217\'92t seen me since academy training. I never leave home without this puppy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can never be too careful these days. Commercial Capitol\u8217\'92s a dangerous place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And clearly you keep the Royal City in check.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, your blowing my cover only makes my job easier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Vesna winks.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask about the Ambassador:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And our damsel in distress is past this door?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only place left I haven\u8217\'92t cut through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ready?\u8221\'94 y/n}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t wander too far.\u8221\'94 [[break dialog, return to room]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make this quick and keep him alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (She looks towards me.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll leave that part to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the count of one\u8230\'85 two\u8230\'85 three\u8230\'85\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *kick*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t try that if I were you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Our captive is tied up by a man in an antique military uniform. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a knife held up to his throat.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambassador: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mmpff! Hmmf!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gur gjb bs lbh unq orggre fgnl onpx, be V'yy uheg uvz.\u8221\'94 [rot13]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh hello, you no speakie Royal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Roshchian Vesna. He can\u8217\'92t understand us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how about the international language of violence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambassador: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mmf!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The leader pulls his captor tight and backs away. The adjoining door opens and a group of enemy soldiers enter.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great timing guys, I was just about to beat you up with my Just acquaintance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 uh, Vesna?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aaand of course, she ran off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Battle three]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now where did Vesna and our other friends run off to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK CABINET}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK DOORS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK BALCONY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO BALCONY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dining room has been used as a makeshift barricade. The Ambassador must have hidden in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check cabinet (if medspray is still there):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A cabinet filled with various china and silverware. There\u8217\'92s a medspray in one of the drawers. Should I take it? Y/n}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check cabinet (if medspray has been taken):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A cabinet filled with various china and silverware.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check doors:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s the door to the foyer that I came from, and the door to the kitchen that the guards came from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check balcony:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An open balcony leading to the outdoor fire escape. Vesna\u8217\'92s bloodied footprints lead out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Go to balcony:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The wind and rain is picking up, rattling the supports of the fire escape. I make my way up the flight of stairs, listening for what might be on the roof.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Qba'g pbzr nal pybfre, zbanepuvfg cvt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great, of course you had to have a security mech.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Vesna is flat on her back, knocked out cold. Her leg looks broken. Our diplomat captive is hiding by Vesna.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambassador: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Protect me, Just! And do a better job than this one did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With pleasure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [boss fight! I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll write some broken English battle lines for the boss]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Ambassador, are you alive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambassador: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I suppose so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92ll call this one in. HQ, take us home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93**Understood, Just.**\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vesna?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lbh guvax guvf vf gur raq bs nalguvat...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93*cough, cough*\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, our last remaining friend. Before I go, you\u8217\'92ll be telling me everything about all of your friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fbba lbh'yy xabj nyy gbb jryy gur vaivfvoyr unaq\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leader: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good Samaritan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Bang*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The Leader drops to the ground.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vesna, what the hell!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vesna: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bastard ruined my leg\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Commander: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just, we are touching down. We\u8217\'92ll take things from here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Good, because I need an aspirin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [INTRO END]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [TITLE LOGO]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}