{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a ten-round magazine with armor piercing bullets. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Alcohol tax means alcohol is expensive, with imitation beer using cornstarch instead of malted barley and reducing alcohol content to .99%}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Bent cigarettes burn using a chemical reaction, from breaking off the end of the cigarette. Reduces littering, no secondary smoke, not as bad for you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Beer cans used to be made of aluminum, but now are made from biodegradable plastic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -In Zima\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment you can eat processed insect meat buns. More specifically, in the future all farming is sustainable, leading to higher meat prices. Animal meat is generally grown in test tubes and meat from insects like crickets are now commonplace, with a similar taste to shrimp. Meat from an animal is generally served at high-end restaurants and patrons pay for the luxury of eating from a sentient animal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Garbage bags made of biodegradable plastic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Have to come up with descriptions based on Bressan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backgrounds}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Artificial blood that is more efficient at transporting oxygen. Requires modifications to the kidneys and regular hemodialysis, but allows the body to survive with less blood in the system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -HQ has a receptionist you can talk with about various topics. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also a TV monitor with the news (can watch broadcasts on current events), cops who you can look at, a prostitute who\u8217\'92s been brought in. Need to talk to the receptionist to find out where the Marshal is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Ask about:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s the crime situation here these days?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Ask about Him: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you become a cop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Ask about the police department}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Lift gun\u8221\'94 designed to reduce knockback. A second explosion occurs when the bullet leaves the chamber that serves as the bullet\u8217\'92s main propulsion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Before you get a chance to talk to characters, you learn something interesting about them from a cutscene, from what someone else says, etc. That opens up interesting dialogue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Gas engine vehicles are no longer produced, and rich collectors will seek out gas engine cars, motorcycles, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Jonathan has clues he can show to people, like the capsule, photos, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Headphones at the shooting range, but augments in a Just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear will control vibrations in ear bones, allowing for suppression of loud sounds like gunshots and explosions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -So far in the game things are pretty linear and single-screened. But being able to learn something, then go somewhere else in HQ and bring it up, or needing to return and talk to someone, would be a good idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Ask about items in the room, or sci-fi topics of the world. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ask about the facility\u8221\'94 is good if Zima isn\u8217\'92t familiar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Asking about something really important can be broken up into multiple topics, like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ask about Hojo\u8217\'92s job\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Ask about Hojo\u8217\'92s daughter\u8221\'94, etc}}