{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The goal of Blackjack is to get as close to a card value total of 21 without going any higher. Face cards are worth ten, and aces can be worth either one or eleven. If you reach 21, you instantly win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Otherwise, you may continue drawing cards until you choose to keep your value and see if your score beats the dealer\u8217\'92s, or you go over 21 and lose the hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Hit\u8217\'92 will draw another card and \u8216\'91Stay\u8217\'92 keeps your hand to compare against the dealer\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Playing a table for the Key}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First time:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re playing by your rules, we need a way to bring Primorie out to see us. Winning tons of royals at one table will get his attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blackjack will be the best game since the hands are quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you\u8217\'92d better go all-in on each hand. And make no mistakes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93During a round of cards I can show you the top card of the deck, and any face-down cards on the table.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can also persuade the dealer to draw an extra card per round. Anything more than that and it would expose our cover.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to stay close to the table and keep my eyes closed for the ability to work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here, take my chips to start you off, and don\u8217\'92t think about gambling these on anything other than the key.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deal me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Blackjack round one]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Zima and Leto have brief conversations during each blackjack game]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So Zima, do you play cards often?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not bad, with my assistance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying to figure out your position. Why, I wonder, did King Yor choose you to be the closest Just to the Prince?\u8221\'94\line   Leto: \u8220\'93Not that I doubt your prowess, mind you. You\u8217\'92re quite the capable fighter. But why young Zima, out of any other potential girl in the Kingdom?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me ask why you feel the need to profile everyone you meet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just a bad habit of mine. No need to answer me, darling.\u8221\'94\line   Zima: \u8220\'93Good. I wasn\u8217\'92t planning to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Round one win]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There, we\u8217\'92ve doubled our money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should have enough to wager for the key in a few more rounds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (A man in a suit whispers something into the dealer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear and he steps behind a curtain. Another dealer takes his place. Two more men in suits approach the table.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dealer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Congratulations to the white-haired woman. You must be very lucky.\u8221\'94\line   Zima: \u8220\'93My luck\u8217\'92s been changing all day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Primorie can\u8217\'92t take a loss like that lightly. Let me guess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the men around us are going to rob us at gunpoint? Take us out discreetly out back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t try it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The tension in the room is palpable. Even the live band stops playing.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zima please. We\u8217\'92re not barbarians.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Leto smiles and holds up her hand. Her lips move without opening. My muscles relax and I feel calmer, as if the caution was sucked out. The music in the room resumes and the men in suits return to their positions.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dealer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Congratulations to the white-haired woman. You must be very lucky. Care to play another?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I try to think of something to say but Leto snaps at me, like lecturing a petulant child.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said we were going to do things my way. Think you\u8217\'92ll have an easy time blasting this building to pieces?\u8221\'94\line   Zima: \u8220\'93No, but it would be nothing new to me.\u8221\'94\line   Leto: \u8220\'93And if Primorie doesn\u8217\'92t keep the key here?\u8221\'94\line   Leto: \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a bull in a china shop. I\u8217\'92m well aware of how you and the other Justs handle things and I don\u8217\'92t like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Leto sighs.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of me as a balancing agent. When you inevitably get yourself killed in the line of duty, I\u8217\'92ll be the one picking up the pieces.\u8221\'94\line   Zima: \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t die so easily.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Just dying isn\u8217\'92t unheard of. Remember Mycoh? (Monsoon) She died taking on a tank to protect Vesna. And now Vesna's on the path to die a hero's death as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re the first generation of Justs. We set precedents, not follow them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ll I ask is you employ a little more tact. Sometimes keeping order can be more important than doing the right thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Return to hand]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto trying to profile Zima. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t quite figured you out\u8230\'85 do you prefer ___? What do you really make of ___, I wonder?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leto works conversations}}