{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALACE SCENE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 if it's the first visit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: "Welcome to the Royal Palace. Please state your business."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "It's Zima the Just. I'm meeting with the King."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AI: "Welcome back, Zima. Please proceed to the throne room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Throne Room)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WATCH THE MEETING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALK WITH THE KING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE TROPHY ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GO TO THE KING'S CHAMBERS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE MAP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 (if scene = 2):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A monitor broadcasts the treaty signing, with groups of people in suits shaking hands. The King is by the window, in his thoughts."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A monitor broadcasts the treaty signing, with people taking turns on a podium in an assembly hall. The King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throne sits empty."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Watch the meeting:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Greetings for the signing are almost done and representatives of the Confederacy are waiting outside a negotiation room. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll bring you updates as they\u8217\'92re available"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Talk with the king:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If he's not there:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He's not in the throne room. Must be somewhere on this floor.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If he's there:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: "Zima. It's been a while, girl. Maybe too long."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Your Grace, as always I am pleased to see you in good health and-"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: "Oh, cut that out. You know I hate it when you do that."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (He cracks a smile.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: "Always, Sir. I understand you wanted me here for a special reason?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today\u8217\'92s trade deal could bring peace with the bordering state of the Confederacy. But our relationship has long been thin and this treaty comes out of the blue. The meeting may be a trap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 I fear the treaty will bring dire consequences for my rule, and for my heir."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I take it your council won\u8217\'92t let you leave the negotiations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on the verge of losing our place in our former Capital. They\u8217\'92re right in not wanting to sacrifice this signing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s guarding the Prince during the meeting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t send you because a Just by a table wouldn\u8217\'92t be a good look. No offence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I cast a mocking eyebrow at him.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever they\u8217\'92re planning, I don\u8217\'92t think harming the Prince is a priority. Still, I\u8217\'92m telling you this because there are rumors the Confederacy might be behind these violent splinter groups.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be an efficient way to hurt you, but those have been going on for years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m still trying to figure that one out myself. So once the signing is over, I want you to be in the Colony to investigate the emissaries and their activities. See if they\u8217\'92re up to anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand, your Grace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive the secrecy, and I know my premonitions haven\u8217\'92t always been true, but I can\u8217\'92t ignore this feeling. Good luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Objective: Tail the Confederate emissaries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE CONFEDERACY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE PRINCE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ASK ABOUT THE KINGDOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SAY GOODBYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the confederacy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Grace, what are your thoughts on the Confederacy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father was right to never trust merchants and autocrats. They have slowed our expansion enough and if this treaty won\u8217\'92t get them off our backs, I\u8217\'92ll have to come up with something else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the Prince:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if the Prince gets hurt, your Grace?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They wouldn\u8217\'92t dare, girl. They know it would mean a swift end for some tiny merchants to declare war on a kingdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ask about the Kingdom:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does the Kingdom think of the treaty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Prince handles most public relations, and the people see him as looking to repair bonds. There\u8217\'92s also optimism for the economy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Say goodbye:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92ll take my leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[end convo]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * * * * }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the trophy room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE ROOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE KING\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S HEIRLOOMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE JUKEBOX}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE THRONE ROOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (Books and paintings stretch up to the fading skylight. The King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father built this room to commemorate the creation of this free state.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the King\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heirlooms:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (In the center of the room there are a collection of glass display cases. They include a stone ring, a gun from the pre-Structure era and a photograph of the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the jukebox:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If Zima has copied the song:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The jukebox lets out a steady hum of pre-Structure music.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If Zima hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t copied the song:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The jukebox lets out a steady hum of pre-Structure music. Should I send a copy of the song to my music player at home?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If yes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miza: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wahooo! Song sent!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go to the King's chambers:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If the King is in the throne room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zima, what are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Er, I\u8217\'92m making sure the room is secure in an emergency.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The door is shut. Should I go in?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHECK THE DOOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OPEN DOOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETURN TO THE THRONE ROOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the door (after listening or if the player walks away from the door and comes back):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The door is shut tight. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear any voices on the other side anymore.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Check the door (first visit):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The door is shut tight. I think I can hear the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice behind the door. Should I listen in?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If yes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93-unfit for it. I'm afraid it's a necessary loss. For the greater good, I suppose."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Male voice: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'm afraid so. There will be a price, but we will rout them out."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a pause.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: "For what you're asking me for\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it had better."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no sound. I had better keep this to myself for now.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[From here, if the player goes to the trophy room or returns to the palace, the King will be back in the throne room.]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Open door:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (The door is locked.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Return to the throne room:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[return]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Return to the map:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If scene = 2:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zima: (I need to meet with the King first.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 else:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [[return to the map]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}